Hence, they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to take measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease.
Nevertheless, it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases are, given the context of current medical technology.
For example, breast cancer is a genetic disease that can be cured if it isrealized in the early stage.
Hence, with the knowledge of genetic trouble, and the relatives of this genetic congenital disease will do a medical check-up, which might keep themfrom realizing it at an earlier stage.
In conclusion, informing the chance of getting the same congenital disease relatives will be kind.
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention, such as financial issuess, everyone should be delivered the right to know their family's inherited medical conditions.
However, some think it might be better for those ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life.
In addition, some may think that even knowing about the genetic risk of the disease, will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it.
Allthe individual and the nature of the disease, but it depends on the individual and the heart of the disease. Still, they should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities of curing or preventing it.
Genetic testing is a personal decision, with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier or not.
Those born into a family with a history of the congenital disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing, even if there is no risk at all.
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those affected.
For a genetic risk carrier, there should be a choice regarding informing their relatives.
There should not be forced or obliged to do so, as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier.
About this choice given, there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision-making.
Suppose the genetic risk carrier is a little or a child. In that case, most likely, the decision to inform the relative should be made with the consideration of the patient's parents or legal guardian.
Such patients are still emotionally volatile ormay be unaware of the implications of a genetic disorder due to their young age.
Furthermore, informing others without permission from their parents, or the patients itself could damage the psychological state of the involved family informing others without their parents' consent could harm the affected family's psychological state.
Thus, much thought needss to be placed on the immediate family as it could cause a movement of unwanted events from the patient or the family members themselves.
Some families may feel hurt about their pride or reputation knowing such genetic disorder running in their family.
The importance of informing relatives of such a genetic disease is vital as it may help raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder.
Also, this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and similarly experience genetic testingto find out about the outcomeundergo genetic testing to find out about the outcome to find out about consequences again.
Thus, knowing that such a genetic disorder is benign would benefit their emotional thoughts.
And if the results turn out to be otherwise, then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions.
In addition, the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is made known to them.
On the other hand, others may think it will be kind to tell the relatives. After all, the latter will have a higher tendency to get the same genetic risk.
However, since it is genetic disorder, there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives.
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree.
And of course, they will think of not having any child after getting married, and the same thought goes for the cousins as well.
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem, they could have a check-up for themselves, and itwould be better if they could even prevent it from happening to them.
In my opinion, as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong, we can fight any disease they come to us when we are fragile.
It could instead be better for them this way.
The case of health issue is related to genetic risk, with a keyword on "genetic," which highlights the chance of passing down the disorder to the next generation.
Relatives will undoubtedly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk.
The benefits of doing so can outweigh its disadvantages.
The individualindividual can only make the decision to undergo genetic testing can only make the decision to undergo genetic testing at risk for a disorder.
This is the common law in society.
Thus, we will identify issue advantages and disadvantages, which is "should or should not."
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination.
A known genetic risk can also affect the next generation critically.
Therefore, it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences.
It is the ethic of hospital team to keep any patients' secret.
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed.
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers, they can approach a doctor to consult about it.
So, they have also to prepare mentally.
Albinism is one the example.
Once you have cancer, the medication cost is prohibitive.
One of the diseases is sickle cell trait.
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual at risk for a congenital disease can decide to undergo genetic testing.
This is because their relatives have the right to know about this.
