For example, if a carrier is told that they have risk of having diabetes.
In this case, the carrier can eat few candies and chocolates to prevent intake of too many sugars. At the same time, if the carrier tell this information to the relatives, it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes. They can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease.
Otherwise, if the other parties not know, they may end up with diabetes in the future without any prevention.
In conclusion, we an tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carrier's relatives to outweigh the costs.
Therefore, it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relativesto let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises.
Among all kinds of different diseases, a large number of different types of disorders are caused by genetic reasons.
The genetic disorder may or may not be heritage hereditary, and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of conditions.
It has been a long discussion about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives that their disease is caused by a gene.
The answer is no from the legal part, but from the ethical part, the answer should be yes.
We can't make a law to push a carrier of known genetic risk to tell their relatives about his genetic problem.
Firstly, someone has what kinds of disease belongs to their privacy.
Privacy protection belongs to one's human rights.
If a law requires someone to tell others about their privacy, especially when the one is not willing to do so.
It is against their human rights, and it is against the law's spirit.
The law's spirit also includes fairness.
What is the fundamental difference between genetic disorders and other disorders?
It is unfair to release a law that only points to the genetic disorder.
In addition, it is impractical to make such a law.
A good lawyer should be straightforward and easy to execute.
However, there are many problems against the execution of asking a carrier to tell their relatives the cause of their diseases.
Firstly, what is the range of the relatives?
For example, does the carrier only need to tell their direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters, or does he also need to say to relatives like his grandmother's sister's son's daughter's nephew?
If you say you only need to tell direct relatives, it will be against the fairness of the law.
Other relatives may have the same possibility of having such kind of disease.
How can a law made by the government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potential disease?
However, from an ethical point of view.
The carrier himself r herself, they should have a sense of resposiblity to tell or her relatives about their genetic disorder.
By doing this, they may be able to save some lives of their relatives.
It is because a carrier with a lousy gene may not necessarily have with a genetic disease. If they can have a corresponding healthy lifestyle before the age, the gene's function becomes stronger.
A typical example is genetically caused hypertension.
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems, which make it the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in the blood, which can cause hypertension.
People usually get this kind of hypertension after they become adults.
However, if they already know they have a gene, they may have a higher possibility of getting hypertension.
They can build a daily habit of eating less salt and fat and thus avoid hypertension.
In a nutshell, our society can't push genetic problem carriers to tell their disease to their relatives. Still, they should be willing to tell their relatives about their genetic problem.
By doing so, few of their beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem.
In the age of rapid technological advancement, many medical breakthroughs are made possible.
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one's decision to undergo.
It can detect illnesses, diseases and even a child's parentage.
However, it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of known genetic risk to inform their relatives.
Suppose the understanding of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives. In that case, there might be opportunities for them to have it in their blood, which they may take necessary precautions to prevent.
But, if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease, most of the relatives will be disheartened upon knowing about it.
Therefore, some carriers will think of keeping it a secret.
This essay will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should notify their relatives.
Some said that the genetic risk found in a person should be kept secret because it is regarded as personal information that should be kept confidential.
Most patients will be depressed after realizing their conditions.
If one has a genetic disease after the test, they might not wish to inform the relatives as he might end up disheartening his extended family.
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring any pessimism into their family.
Furthermore, some will wish not to become a burden to anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly.
Hence, some saw it as being considerate in maintaining the genetic risk of getting the disease confidential.
