Hence, they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease.
Nevertheless, it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases, given in the context of current medical technology.
For example, breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage.
Hence, with the knowledge of having genetic risk, the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up, which might save them in realising it at a earlier stage.
In conclusion, it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives.
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention, such as financial issues, everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family's inherent medical conditions.
However, some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life.
In addition, some may think that even knowing about having genetic risk of the disease will just add to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it.
All-in-all, it depends on individual and also the nature of the disease, but he or she should be obliged to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it.
Genectic testing is a personal decision, with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier or not.
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing, even though there is no risk at all.
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected.
For a genetic risk carrier, there should be choice given with regards to informing his/her relatives.
There should not be forced or obligied to do so, as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier.
With regard to this choice given, there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making.
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child, then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patient's parents or legal guardians.
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age.
Furthermore, the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family.
Thus, much thought needs to be put on the immediate family as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself.
Some family may feel hurt, with regards to their family pride or reputation, on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their family.
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic diseases is vital as it may help raise awareness and prevent the genetic disorder.
Also, this known information will help their relatives make informed decisions and tosimilarly undergo genetic testing to find out about the outcome.
Thus, having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial to their emotional thoughts.
And if the results turn out to be otherwise, then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and assist them in making upcoming decisions.
In addition, the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is made known to them.
On the other hand, others may think that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk.
However, there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disorder.
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree.
And of course, he or she will think of not having any children after getting married, and the same thought goes to the cousins as well.
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem, they could have a full check-up for themselves and it will be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves.
In my opinion, as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong, we can fight any disease as they come to us when we are fragile and weak.
It could rather be better for him or her this way.
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk, with keyword on "genetic" which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation.
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more care towards the carrier of a known genetic risk.
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh its disadvantages.
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder.
This is common law in society.
Thus, we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is "should or should not".
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination.
A known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically.
Therefore, it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences.
It is the ethic of staff in hospitals to keep the secret of any patients.
Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed.
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers, they can go and approach a doctor to consult about it.
So, they have to also prepare mentally.
Albinism is one of the examples.
Once you suffer from cancer, the medication cost is very expensive.
One of the diseases is sickle cell trait.
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing.
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this.
