For example, if a carrier is told that it is at risk to have diabetes.
In this case, the carrier can eat less candies and chocolates of too prevent the intake to much sugar, and at the same time, if the carrier tells relatives this information, it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future due to related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease.
Otherwise, if the other parties did not know, they may end up with diabetic disease in the future without any prevention.
In conclusion, we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives which overexpress the costs.
Therefore, it would be better for the carrier to be required to tell the information to the relatives, in order to inform them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises.
Among all types of different diseases, a large amount of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons.
Genetic disorders may or may not be inherited hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out if you have these types of diseases.
It has been a long time discussion whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by gene.
From the legal aspect, the answer is no, but from the ethical aspect, the answer should be yes.
We cannot make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his genetic problem.
Firstly, someone who has what kind of disease belongs to his or her privacy.
Privicy protection belongs to one's human rights.
If a law requires someone to tell others' his or her privacy, especially when the one is not willing to do so.
It is against his or her human rights and it is against the law's spirit.
The law's spirit also includes fairness.
What is the basic difference between genetic disorders and other disorders.
It is unfair to release a law that only points to a genetic disorder.
In addition, it is impractical to make such a law.
A good law should be clear and easy to execute.
However, there are many problems with the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her relatives the cause of his or her diseases.
Firstly, what is the range of relatives?
For example, does the carrier only need to tell his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters, or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother's sister's son's daughter's nephew?
If you say you only need to tell direct relatives, it will be against the fairness of law.
Other relatives may have the same possibilities to have such a disease.
How can a law made by government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potential disease?
However, from the ethical point of view.
To the carrier himself of herself, he of she should have a feeling of responsibility to tell his or her relatives their genetic disorder.
By doing this,they may be able to save some lives of their relatives.
It is because a carrier with bad gene may not necessarily have those genetic diseases if they can have coresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene's function becomes stronger.
A typical example is genetic-induced hypertension.
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems that make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension.
People usually get this kind of hypertesion after becoming an adult.
However, if they already know they have a gene that may make them have higher possibilities to get hypertention.
They can develop a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus avoid hypertension.
In a nutshell, our society can not push a genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be willing to tell his or her relatives about his or her genetic problem.
By doing so, less of their beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem.
In an age of rapid technological advancement, many medical breakthroughs are made possible.
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one's decision to undergo.
It is able to detect illnesses or diseases and even a child's parentage.
However, it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his relatives.
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives, there may be chances for them to have it in their blood, which they may take the necessary precautions to prevent.
However, if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease, most of the relatives will be disheartened to have the knowledge about it.
Therefore, some carriers will be of the opinion that they should keep it a secret.
This article will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not.
Some said that the genetic risk found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered personal information which should be kept confidential.
Most patients will be depressed after realising their problems.
If one has a genetic disease after the test, one might not wish to inform the relatives as they may end up dishearten his extended family.
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they do not bring in any pessimism into their family.
Furthermore, some will wish to become a burden of anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly.
Hence, some seen it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in confidential.
