Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease.
People get the specific disease because of genetic changes.
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease, it is still possible that you will develop heart disease.
However, for some rare diseases, people with specific gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease.
When we are diagnosed with certain genetic diseases, are we supposed to disclose this result to our relatives?
On the one hand, we do not want this potential danger to cause frightening effects in our families' later lives.
When people around us know that we have a certain disease, their altitudes will be easily changed, whether caring too much or keeping away from us.
And both are not what we want since most of us want to live as ordinary people.
Surrounded by such concerns, we are very likely distracted by worrying about these problems.
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life because we will never know when the "potential bomb" will explode.
On the other hand, if there are ways to help us to control or cure the disease, we can go through these processes from the scope of the whole family.
For example, if exercising is helpful for a family's potential disease, we can always look for more chances for the family to exercise.
And we keep track of all family members' health conditions.
At the same time, we are prepared to know when other members got this disease.
Here I want to share Forest'view on this issue.
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to their siblings, there currently is no legal requirement to do so.
Requiring someone to communicate their own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at stake is considered by many to be ethically dubious.
Nothing is absolutely right or wrong.
If a particular disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others, it is OK to disclose the result.
Above all, life is more critical than secret.
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle.
After all, what affects one family may or may not affect another, although the family has a common genetic makeup shared by either of the parents.
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder, disclosing or otherwise, to their relative is solely a matter of preference within the individual moral system.
The issue of the right to know or not to know is highly debatable; although it is a genetic risk, one can not be entirely sure because the genetic information could result from the families of either parent - his maternal and paternal uncles, aunts, or cousin.
This also means that as soon a person is made aware of their genetic profile, rthey concurrently know others.
This knowledge may be relevant to them and vice versa.
Do one who suffers from this disease keep it a secret of inform their relatives?
In retrospect, it is also one's duty to ensure that they undergo periodic health checks on their own.
Sometimes some family structures and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication.
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from the son or daughter, for example, the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and who takes precedence in being 'allowed' to tell.
For example, within a family, regardless of who had first received genetic information, parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring, either adult at risk.
In addition, a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself. However, this may be further complicated by an individual's response to risk information as they do not want to know.
Hence, there were also tensions if participants felt they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know (such as nieces and nephews) nor persuade those with authority (the parents) to do so.
The notion of authority also extended 'vertically'.
From a practitioner's perspective, these findings are significant because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are social constructs, they may not be in line with geneticists' views of family relationships or about which blood (or non-blood) relatives should be informed and by whom; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context.
Ultimately, one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure.
Whose duty it is to inform at-risk relatives or not greatly depends on personal morals and the nature of how 'directive' the risk is to them.
People with close blood relationships generally carry some similar genes.
In this case, if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk, the patient should tell their close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that their family members can perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the corresponding flows.
In my opinion, although the annoyance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self-privacy, the carrier must be obligated to tell the case to their relatives for them to prevent the potential disease.
Focus on the negative side of the annoyance of genetic risk first.
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance to carryof carrying certain diseases.
Especially for young people without marriage, if they are known to have some genetic risk, it may have a certain chance that their child will carry the same disease, but not particular.
Therefore, keeping the information secret from their future spouse would help the relationship.
Secondly, annoyance of the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this particular issue; although the factor would not be that serious, people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future, thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine to prevent the disease, and this create unnecessary costs to the family.
Furthermore, the annoyance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so they have less chance of getting the potential disease.
On the other hand, if the genetic risk is kept a secret, although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep privacy. Still, it has much more significant adverse impacts on the family members and relatives.
First, in the case of marriage, people should be honest and tell their spouse they may carry a particularspecific genetic risk that may affect their offspring.
It is better to let the other party know the fact that after the baby is born and a specific type of genetic disease is found.
Secondly, the genetic disease is closely related to the born gene and their daily habits.
