Keeping the Secret of Genetic Testing
What is the genetic risk?
Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease.
People get the specific disease because of genetic changes.
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disorder is not always clear.
Suppose your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease. In that case, it does not mean you will develop heart disease.
The opposite is also true.
Suppose your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease. In that case, it is still possible that you will develop heart disease.
However, for some rare diseases, people who have specific gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease.
When we are diagnosed with a specific genetic disease, are we supposed to disclose this result to our relatives?
My answer is no.
On the one hand, we do not want this potential danger to cause frightening effects in our families' later lives.
When people around us know that we got a particular disease, their altitudes will be easily changed, whether caring for us too much or keeping away from us.
And both are not what we want since most of us want to live as ordinary people.
Surrounded by such concerns, we are very likely distracted to worry about these problems.
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life because we will never know when the potential bomb'' will explode.
On the other hand, if there are ways that can help us to control or cure the disease, we can go through these processes from the scope of the whole family.
For example, if exercising is helpful for a family's potential disease, we can always look for more chances for the family to exercise.
And we keep track of all family members' health conditions.
At the same time, we are prepared to know when other members got this disease.
Here I want to share Forest'view on this issue.
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to their siblings, there currently is no legal requirement to do so.
Requiring someone to communicate their own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious.
Nothing is absolutely right or wrong.
Suppose a particular disease genetic test is very accurate. It is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and known by others. In that case, it is OK to disclose the result.
Above all, life is more critical than secrets.
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle.
After all, what affects one family may or may not affect another, although the family has a common genetic makeup shared by either of the parents.
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disorder, disclosing or otherwise, to their relative is solely a matter of preference within the individual moral system.
The issue of the right to know or not to know is highly debatable; although it is a genetic risk, one can not be entirely sure because the genetic information could result from the families of either parent - his maternal and paternal uncles, aunts, or cousin.
This also means that as soon a person is made aware of their genetic profile, they concurrently have knowledge about others.
This knowledge may be relevant to them and vice versa.
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer.
It is hereditary.
Do one who suffers from this disease keep it a secret of inform their relatives?
In retrospect, it is also one's duty to ensure that they undergo periodic health checkson their own.
Sometimes some family structures and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication.
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered the son or daughter, for example, the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and who takes precedence in being allowed to tell.
For example, within a family, regardless of who had first received genetic information, parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring, either adult at risk.
In addition, a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself. However, this may be further complicated by an individual's response to risk information as they do not want to know.
Hence, there were also tensions if participants felt they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know ( such as nieces and nephews ) nor persuade those with authority ( the parents ) to do so.
The notion of authority also extended vertically.
For example, a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt, even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is.
From a practitioner's perspective, these findings are significant because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are social constructs, they may not be in line with geneticists' views of family relationships or about which blood ( or non-blood ) relatives should be informed and by whom; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context.
Ultimately, one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure.
Whose duty it is to inform at-risk relatives or not greatly depends on personal morals and the nature of how directives the risk is to them.
People with close blood relationships generally carry some similar genes.
In this case, if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk, the patient should tell their close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that their family members can perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the corresponding flows.
In my opinion, although the annoyance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self-privacy, the carrier must be obligated to tell the issue to their relatives for them to prevent the potential disease.
I agree with this statement to a large extent.
Focus on the negative side of the annoyance of genetic risk first.
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance  of carrying a particular disease.
Especially for young people without marriage, if they are known to have some genetic risk, it may have a certain chance that their child would carry the same disease, but not particular.
Therefore,  keeping the information a secret from their future spouse would help the relationship.
Secondly, annoyance of the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this particular issue. Although the factor would not be that serious, people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future and thus go to the hospital and do additional checks or take more medicine to prevent the disease, which creates unnecessary costs to the family.
Furthermore, the annoyance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so they have less chance of getting the potential disease.
On the other hand, if the genetic risk is kept a secret, although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extend and help to keep privacy. However,it has much more significant adverse impacts on the family members and relatives.
First, in the case of marriage, people should be honest and tell their spouse they may carry a specific genetic risk that may affect their offspring.
It is better to let the other party know the fact that after the baby is born and a specific type of genetic disease is found.
Both parties should be honest.
Secondly, the genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene and their daily habits.
For example, if a carrier is told that they have the risk of having diabetes.
In this case, the carrier can eat fewer candies and chocolates to prevent intake of too many sugars. At the same time, if the carrier tells this information to the relatives, it will be helpful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease.
Otherwise, if the other parties do not know, they may end up with diabetes in the future without any prevention.
In conclusion, we can tell that the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers' relatives overweigh the costs.
Therefore, it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercises.
Among all kinds of different diseases, a large number of different kinds of disorders are caused by genetic reasons.
The genetic disorder may or may not be heritage hereditary disease, and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases.
It has been a long time discussion whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives that a gene causes their disease.
From the legal aspect, the answer is no, but from the ethical aspect, the answer should be yes.
We can't make a law to push a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell their relatives about his genetic problem.
It is immoral and impractical.
Firstly, someone what kind of disease belongs to their privacy.
Privacy protection belongs to one's human rights.
Suppose a law requires someone to tell others about their privacy, especially when the one is not willing to do so.In that case it is against their human rights, and it is against the law's spirit.
The law's spirit also includes fairness.
What is the fundamental difference between genetic disorders and other disorders?
It is unfair to release a law that only points to the genetic disorder.
In addition, it is impractical to make such a law.
A good lawyer should be straightforward and easy to execute.
However, there are many problems against the execution of asking a carrier to tell their relatives the cause of their diseases.
Firstly, what is the range of the relatives?
For example, does the carrier only need to tell their direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters, or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother's sister's son's daughter's nephew?
If you say you only need to tell direct relatives, it will be against the fairness of the law.
Other relatives may have the same possibility of having such kind of disease.
How can a law made by the government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potential disease?
However, from the ethical point of view the carrier himself or, he or should have a feeling of responsibility to tell their relatives their genetic disorder.
By doing this, they may be able to save some lives of their relatives.
It is because a carrier with a lousy gene may not necessarily have with genetic disease. If they can have a corresponding healthy lifestyle before the age, the gene's function becomes stronger.
A typical example is a genetically caused hypertension.
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems, which make it the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in the blood, which can cause hypertension.
People usually get this kind of hypertension after they become adults.
However, suppose they already know they have a gene that may make them have a higher possibility of getting hypertension. In that case, they can build a daily habit of eating less salt and fat and thus avoid hypertension.
In a nutshell, our society can't push genetic problem carriers to tell or their disease to or their relatives. However, he or they should be willing to tell or their relatives about or their genetic problem.
By doing so, few of their beloved ones will suffer from genetic problem.
In the age of rapid technological advancement, many medical breakthroughs are made possible.
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one's decision to undergo.
It can detect illnesses or diseases and even a child's parentage.
However, it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of known genetic risk to inform their relatives.
Suppose the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives. In that case, they might have chances to have it in their blood, which they maytake necessary precautions to prevent.
But, if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease, most of the relatives will be disheartened upon knowing about it.
Therefore, some carriers will think of keeping it a secret.
This essay will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell their relatives.
Some say that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered personal information that should be kept confidential.
Most patients will be depressed after realizing or their conditions.
Suppose one has a genetic disease after the test. In that case, they might not wish to inform the relatives as he might end up disheartening his extended family.
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring any pessimism into their family.
Furthermore, some will wish not to become a burden to anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly.
Hence, some see it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease confidential.
On the other hand, others may think it will be considerate to tell the relatives. After all, the latter will have a higher tendency to get the same genetic risk.
Hence, they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to take some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease.
Nevertheless, it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases are, given the context of current medical technology.
For example, breast cancer is a genetic disease, and it can be cured if it is realized in the early stage.
Hence, with the knowledge of having genetic risk, the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up, which might save them from realizing it at an earlier stage.
In conclusion, it will be considered to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease relatives.
Although there might be many challenges along the way in seeking medical attention, such as financial issues, everyone should be given the right to know their family's inherited medical conditions.
However, some think it might be better for those ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life.
In addition, some may think that even knowing about the genetic risk of the disease, will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it.
All-in-all, it depends on the individual and the nature of the disease. However, they should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities of curing or preventing it.
Genetic testing is a personal decision, with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier or not.
Those born into a family with a history of the genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing, even if there is no risk at all.
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those affected.
For a genetic risk carrier, there should be a choice regarding to informing their relatives.
There should not be forced or obliged to do so, as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier.
About this choice given, there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision-making.
Suppose the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child.In that case most likely, the decision to inform the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients' parents or legal guardian.
Such patients are still emotionally volatile, or they may be unaware of the consequences of such a genetic disorder due to their young age.
Furthermore, the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patients themselves could harm the psychological state of the affected family.
Thus, much thought needs to be put into the immediate family as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members themselves.
Some families may feel hurt, regarding their pride or reputation, on knowing such genetic disorder running in their family.
However, since it is a genetic disorder, there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives.
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree.
The importance of informing relatives of such a genetic disease is vital as it may help raise awareness and prevention of the genetic disorder.
Also, this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions, and to undergo genetic testing to find out about the outcome similarly.
Thus, knowing that such a genetic disorder is benign would benefit their emotional thoughts.
And suppose the results turn out to be otherwise. In that case, the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions.
In addition, the genetic risk carrier would be showered with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it has been made known to them.
Support from relatives is vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that they are not alone in facing this illness. It will undoubtedly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regard to the prospect of the genetic disorder which anyone in the family could inherit.
Therefore, the decision to inform relatives of such genetic disorder will depend on the situation and background of the affected family, with the liberty of choice given to them in deciding to inform others.
Regardless of mental or physical disorder, a person with a disorder is always easy to be awarded by their family.
When things come to genetic issues, it is not that simple anymore.
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation, but not all of the offspring show the relevant symptoms.
Sometimes a family with a potential genetic disorder risk may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms.
As a result, in the case that when one of the members happens to feel uncomfortable or unnormal, they should be aware of whether the disorder in their body is a genetic risk or not.
Afterward, the carrier will face a serious ethical issue: whether to reveal the problem to their relatives or not.
If the disorder symptoms reflect on a kid, the parent will be informed by the medics; then the whole family will stay alert to their bodies' condition.
On the contrary, if the carrier is an adult, with his own choice to inform their relatives about the risk, that will be more complex.
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves their family more than himself, there is no doubt that he or she will tell their family about the issue.
That is true, and of course, a family member must protect and take care of the family.
Think of the other way, if a child of the family knows that he has the risk of becoming a genetic risk carrier. The risk might as well inherit by his child in the future, his whole life will be in a dilemma.
And of course, they will think of not having any child after getting married, and the same thought goes for the cousins.
As a result, the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue.
In China, the older generation with traditional cultural background will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren to make the family liven up and more robust.
The reason behind this is that after WWII, the population of China decreased dramatically. So the government encouraged the people to give more birth.
During that period, if one of the family members reflects genetic disorder symptoms, he will fall into an ethical dilemma for sure.
The medical treatment technology during that time was not advanced enough to completely cure him.
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperous with a potential generic risk.
And so, he would have chosen not to undergo genetic disorder testing and let the truth be mined forever.
This ethical issue can not be judged by others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family.
In conclusion, people should think carefully of the consequences of telling their relatives his or their generic disorder issue.
A carrier must inform his relatives, but also an obligation for a family member to liven up the family.
Regardlessly, if the disorder is rarely to be fatal or it does not cause any inconvenience to the carrier, revealing the truth is always the right thing to do.
I think the carrier should tell their relatives about it.
One of the reasons why is because, as a carrier, they need mental support to go through this situation.
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue independently.
By telling their family that other than being a support, they could help her get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now.
Other than that, I believe that our strong bond with our family is the most significant pillar of support to the carrier.
Furthermore, as it is a genetic problem, it will be better for the carrier to inform their family as other family members might experience the same thing.
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem, they could have a complete check-up for themselves. It would be better if they could even prevent it from happening to them.
I find that it is essential to inform, especially if it is contagious, that the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to society.
For every action, there are always pros and cons.
I believe that some of the carriers will choose not to reveal their disease to their family members as they do not want to make their family members worry and feel uncomfortable or even ostracized by them.
Furthermore, as it could incur spending a lot of money for the treatment, the carrier might not want to be a burden to her family.
I could understand the feeling of the carrier.
They do not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family.
However, we will never know whether these adverse effects will happen when the carrier decides to tell their family of their condition.
In conclusion, I feel that the carrier should inform her family members about the issue.
The carrier should be honest with their feelings, and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on in their life.
Suppose anything wrong happened to their carrier's life, without informing the family members. In that case, it could cause massive regret in their life if she leaves without them knowing about it.
On top of that, it is better to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own.
In the end, I believe that the mental or even monetary support from your family could help the carrier fight against the genetic disease.
True enough, many cancer patients were given a second choice to live as an average person as they have solid mental support from their loved one.
In my opinion, as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong, we can fight any disease they come to us when we are fragile.
As technology has been advancing, it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas about the actual use of technology.
Genetic testing has been made possible- it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk through genetic testing.
If used for a good purpose, it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness; however, it could also make the situation worse by revealing who the carrier is in the family.
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives. I think the carrier should not be obligated to do so because I believe that they have the right not to know.
Firstly, genetic testing is not compulsory.
Of course, some people may do it to make their futures slightly happier; however, before the testing, the carrier can choose not to go for the test and live with unknowns and accept the facts.
Suppose he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene holds and is willing to accept it. In that case, he could do that. It has been something that is normal to everyone in the past as genetic testing was impossible.
It could instead be better for them this way.
Some might say that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to disabled lives and making them suffer in real-life.
I think this is the proper purpose of going through genetic testing, so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid does not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer.
However, I believe that the carrier has the right not to obligate to tell anyone but has the responsibility to take action to prevent any ethical dilemma.
If the result turned out to be something that the carrier could not accept, then it would have been better not knowing the truth.
I believe that even the carrier has the right not to know the actualfact.
After realizing that they are the carrier, the emotional damage would be hard to bear.
It could cause a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness in the family.
Overall, I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face them with relatives. However, he has no obligation to tell still.
I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking genetic testing and take appropriate action on the results.
The emotional depression that the carrier might get and the sense of guilty can be more than expected and could be a burden in the mind for the rest of the life.
On the other hand, without knowing about any genetic disorder and accepting the fact, the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the disability.
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is, without having emotional stress.
Debates have been around for years, should a carrier for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform their relatives.
Any individual at risk for a disorder has the right to undergo genetic testing, but whether the results should be informed to others, especially close family or relatives, is a topic that is worth discussing.
This is an issue that needs to be addressed as the family-related ethical dilemma is involved.
In this essay, a few arguments will be pointed out in support of view for any carrier of that known genetic risk to tell their relatives.
When we were born, we were surrounded by our family and relatives, with them welcoming us to this new world.
We were crying hard, but we were not alone; it's our family and relatives that grew .
Hence, they should be the people to be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy.
However, in the case about any health issue or the extent of severe disorder, it may seem no point in sharing, but this involves more than just sharing bad news.
One has the right to disclose their health issues to anyone. However, it's also one's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives.
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk, with the keyword on " genetic " which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation, therefore, I would agree that it's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to tell their relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raised in the future.
Despite one may argue that it's still up to the individual to disclose such health issue or to bear it within themself, it's undoubtedly helpful to share with close relatives for a proper discussion for solutions.
By doing so, one will feel less stressed when facing such disorder risk.
Relatives will undoubtedly be supportive and care more about the carrier of a known genetic risk.
By informing them, the carrier is never alone in fighting the battle of such disorder risk.
On top of that, as the genetic risk may pass down to the next generation, thus it will involve more than just one family.
Therefore, I would agree with the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth.
This would avoid the rise of a more family-related ethical dilemma.
More intangible advantages could support the stand of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test is conducted.
In conclusion, to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma, any carrier of known genetic risk should inform their relatives.
The benefits of doing so can outweigh its disadvantages.
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing at such a junction whether one should ask them inform the relatives.
The individual can only decide to undergo genetic testing at risk for a disorder.
This is the common law in society.
However, it leads to a new problem " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell their relatives? This issue has been discussed for a long time. "
However, there is still a diversity of points of view among the people. "
Thus, we will identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue of which it should or should not ".
Firstly, I believe most of us will agree with the sentences below: " I will be anxious about my family when they told me that they were a carrier of a known genetic risk ".
Frequently, the intention of carriers does not want to tell their families to continue their own life without the anxiety of families.
There will be better for one person to be worried than many.
However, many carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges themselves.
With the families' support, there must be more energy to fight against the demon.
Demon is not easy to be defeated, and it is required much energy and psychological support.
Families give you the courage and support which you can not retrieve by yourself.
That is the essential element to overcome the challenges.
Besides that, the known genetics risk is so severe that it can not be described.
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination.
Lying in the bed for the remaining life and even dying immediately, are the consequences that we can not imagine.
Families are the dearest in our life.
Without their concern and support, we are a hard to stay until this time.
They play an essential role in our life which can not be substituted.
A known genetic risk can also affect the next generation critically.
Therefore, it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences.
Generally, the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier's family without the agreement of the carrier.
It is the ethic of the hospital staff to keep any patients' secret.
We can not blame them that they are liable for the undesired consequences.
However, the hospital can provide a counselor to advise the carrier about the action that can be taken.
Therefore, this kind of circumstance will not happen again and again.
It is a method that benefits two parties which is a win-win situation.
In conclusion, a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell their relatives about the known genetic risk.
However, there may be some particular case that is hard to be defined.
Thus, advice from the hospital playsa vital role in this.
Carrier is responsible for balancing their interest and the benefits of family and society.
It is a hard decision to make, but in the most appropriate way, it will create extraordinary circumstances for the carrier and families in the future.
With the risk of being genetically disordered, many individuals have made the decision to undergo genetic testing.
With the fact that the results will be known once the tests are done, each individual diagnosed as a genetic risk carrier faces an ethical problem : They should warn their relatives about the risk of being the same genetic risk carrier. Or they can choose to keep silent until the next carrier is diagnosed.
In view of my point, a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their relatives, with the support of the following reasons.
First, from the angle of human rights, a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others.
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy to carriers.
They may not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it a secret and not let others know about it.
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated against or sympathized by others which is not positive factor brought to their life.
Secondly, the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the diagnosis of the carrier.
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers, they can approach a doctor to consult about it.
If they do not want to overthink of it and view it as trouble, they may ignore the possibility.
However, suppose a diagnosed carrier is obligated to tell their relatives. In that case, the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carriers.
This obeys their willingness as in they have to accept the truth, which may make their following life miserable.
Many people may argue that setting the obligation may help more people, who are the relatives of the carriers, save their lives with a more significant opportunity because of the early diagnosis.
However, this is not exactly true when other factors, including psychological and social influence, are considered.
Suppose one such relative is told that they may have a higher risk of getting sick. In that case, they may have been scared about the unknown life, partners, spouse, and colleagues may choose to leave. Many other situations may happen which means the relative's life may be ruined.
On the other side, as stated above, a person who wants to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually.
In a nutshell, a carrier of a known genetic risk should have the suitable to decide whether to tell their relatives.
This should be accepted from the point of human rights, freedom of acceptance of relatives, and many other social reasons.
Otherwise, making it, an obligation will restrict the choice of carriers and bring much confusion to their relatives.
For a carrier of a genetic disorder to know that they are a carrier, it causes more dilemmas than getting the disorder.
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk must tell their relatives.
There are four reasons why people don't have to be shy and share their problems regarding the genetic disorder.
Firstly, the carrier and their family can take precautions, physically by actions, to reduce the chance of it being inherited by offspring and, mentally, if the action fails to prevent it from being inherited.
Many syndromes, such as Down and Taylor Syndrome, can be prevented if the mother undergoes proper medication and doesn't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period.
The mother may not know this information if she doesn't tell her relatives about her condition.
More people ( relatives ) know her problem, and more information channel is provided.
Suppose all efforts have been made, but the children still suffer from the syndrome. In that case, the family has to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a suitable environment for their children's growth.
This is not the parent's fault because there are still chance of the gene being inherited.
So, they have also to prepare mentally.
Secondly, genetic diseases cost highly for treatment and medication.
Albinism is one the example.
People with albinism have sensitive skin, and it needs regular treatment.
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigment, people with albinism is prone to sunburn and other skin diseases.
If they don't treat their body well, such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen outdoors, the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer.
Once you have cancer, the medication cost is prohibitive.
To prevent the more significant problem from happening, it takes much effort to take care of your body.
If the carrier doesn't tell their relatives, it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially.
Thirdly, some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems.
One of the diseases is sickle cell trait.
Usually, people are unaware if they carry the sickle cell gene, which may lead to a circulatory problem such as blood blocking.
Suppose the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives. In that case, they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and don't need to be shy about it because it is for their children's health.
Fourthly, it is essential for parents to give a mental boost to their children with genetic disorders.
When their children become teenagers, a lot of social problems may arise.
People and friends often mock your condition.
A solid mental condition and conviction must be built from within and from the closest ones.
If not their family, then who else is willing to do that?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have to prepare for their mental first by disclosing the information of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disorder.
In this modern world, technologies improved greatly compared with the last century.
Notably in the medical field, there is a significant improvement in many treatments for many formally incurable diseases. Genetic testing is one method used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disorder.
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder could decide to undergo genetic testing.
However, a family-related ethical dilemma is born once a test has been conducted and the results are known.
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell their relatives.
In my opinion, the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell their relatives about this.
This is because their relatives have the right to know about this.
As many people realize, a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier's relatives; that is, if one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disorder means that other family members also have almost the equal risk of having it, so this problem should be treated seriously by the family.
Every family member has the human right to know what is happening with them.
If they do not even know they are at risk for a genetic disorder, how can this explain their right?
For instance, John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disorder, but he does not tell his sibling, James, about this.
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent, he should know what is likely be going on for him.
This might benefit his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder.
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having a similar genetic disorder, preventing certain genetic disorders from affecting them.
Genetic disorders are innate, but the significant improvement in medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disorder or reduce its adverse effects on themselves.
In addition, doctors usually quote the statement, " Prevention is better than curation "; this gives us the idea that preventing a disorder from happening has far more advantages than curing it.
Awareness of a genetic disorder may help diagnose a genetic disorder for a person. Therefore, this may make the prevention of a particular disorder possible.
For example, hypertension is partially due to genetic factors, but environmental factors also play an essential role.
People who are aware of having such a disorder can prevent the disorder from happening by adopting a healthy lifestyle, including having a balanced diet and at least having exercised for 30 minutes every day.
To sum up, a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives.
This is their human right to know about that, and this may also save their lives by preventing the disorder from happening.
With the advancement of technology over the past decades, medical advancement has increased exponentially, and further enhancements are still constantly upgrading.
Empower doctors with advanced medical knowledge; doctors can diagnose and undergo genetic testing for patients to help them prevent and take necessary steps to protect their life.
However, once a test has been conducted, and the results are known, the question of disclosing the results to his her relatives becomes a challenging issue for both patient and the doctor.
In my opinion, I feel a solid urge to support the obligation to inform patient relatives.
As it is a genetic risk, the patient's next of skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk; hence the need to inform their relatives is essential so that necessary preventive actions can be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.
For example, if you are the only child in a family and, unfortunately, you are suffering from a genetic disease that the genetic trait might be passed on to the next generation if you have a child,
Hence, letting your family members be aware of the situation, would lessen family stresses and suffer by forcing you to settle down and have children.
However, social ethic issues like discrimination and privacy are the biggest concerns and potential barriers to enforcing patients or doctors to disclose information to patients' relatives.
It challenges confidentiality and privacy principles.
Currently, under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( HIPAA ) in the United States, there is no legal obligation requirement to disclose information to relatives; it is up to the patient's wish to disclose it to their family members.
Early displacement to family members brings in positive reactions and prevention, as in the case of Angelina Jolie,
Who chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.
I still can recall her reason for disclosing her own story was that she did not want to live under the shadow of cancer.
However, there are still people against the decision to reveal private information.
As in the case of Alzheimer's patients, it is up to the patient's choice to disclose information.
However, research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who, how, and to whom will Alzheimer's disease be disclosed to minimize potential negative impact on family members ( DementiaToday,2012 ).
Some associations provide help to Alzheimer's patients, like Alzheimer's Association ( Alzheimer's Association,1980 ).
Although there are still thousands of genetic risk diseases out there that might not be receiving all the help and support from everyone, the need to receive immediate understanding and support from family members is the utmost help that patients need in their difficult times.
In conclusion, the state should have passed a legal bill to measure and provide information to doctors that to what extent a doctor should opt to reveal to relatives members about the genetic disease and in which situations it is open to the patient's decision.
In addition, the state could also encourage to creation of assistance schemes to aid necessary help to needy patients to encourage them to open up for the benefit of their own and family members.
Although it may face challenges from social ethic issues, in the long term, with appropriate encouragement and aid from the government, more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measures to protect their health and their loved ones.
Nowadays, the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to high-velocity technological advancement.
Not long ago, the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) was started.
In comparison, in genetic testing, which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disorder, as the technology has been very mature already, an even more popular topic arises.
While most people agree that each individual has the right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test, they have different stands on whether it is the patient's responsibility or freedom to share the result with their relatives.
In my opinion, patients who are carriers of some known genetic risk, should share the truth with their family members.
Admittedly, it is a social obligation to be responsible for the life of other people.
To the whole society, it is a duty.
Take H1N1 as an example; all the people in Singapore, including students at school, travelers at the Changi Airport, workers in the office as well as passengers on the street, are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge.
To those family members who care about them, it is also a moral obligation.
How can they not tell their loved ones who they are and get their loved ones in danger?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and loves each other without doubts.
Without trust and love, there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together.
Hence, it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disorder both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the family basis.
Moreover, telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support.
Without the support of loved ones, a patients' life is no better than death.
Family members, as one the closest group of people from whom they can get comfort, is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles due to the genetic disorder.
A study by New York University in 2010 showed that patients with family members around generally recover 2-4 days faster than those taken care of by professional nurses.
Even for those patients with terminal diseases, the duration of their survival is 30 % longer due to family support.
Some people may say that telling the truth may cause unnecessary doubts and panic, which will endanger family harmony.
While every family needs to go through this or that kind of troublesome situation, the more troubles a family has gone through together, the more excellent bond will be established between the family members, as well as the greater amount of trust, love, and understanding.
Hence, for a family in which every member truly believes in each other and loves each other, all these troubles are just testaments to make them stronger.
Just as the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Being in an Asian society where genetic testing is not a common practice, I think that it is the patient’s choice whether they want to tell their relatives about their disease.
The courage to take the genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the risk they may have may result in people being judgmental. At the same time, it is just a risk and not a confirmed case.
Furthermore, since the person's gene is affected, he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the information.
Nevertheless, while I feel that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk, I would like to suggest the person at least share the information with her or his potential partner ( husband or wife ) since the individual's genetic risk may affect their future children.
Many people in our society are not well informed about genetic diseases. Many of them will be most likely to judge or at least differentiate those with genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are abnormal or weird.
This is because many relate genetic diseases to Bubble-Boy disease, autism, or down-syndrome.
In those diseases, many affected people have different physical characteristics compared to those without genetic diseases.
While we know that we should not discriminate against them based on their limitations, many people still do it with or without realizing it.
In this case, we are discussing whether a person should tell his relatives about him having a RISK of a particular genetic disease.
It is usual for people to demand fair and similar treatment as others, and therefore, it is normal for people to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.
Many people love to hear what they want to hear, and therefore, they may ignore the word risk and assume that the person has suffered from the disease.
To prevent that from happening, I feel it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family since his family may either be paranoid or judge him and act differently.
Especially when it is just a risk, the option is his since he is not an actual sufferer.
There may be some people who say that it is necessary to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected; while I do think that this view has a point, how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case.
Maybe we can trust our immediate family members, but can we trust all the other relatives?
Furthermore, since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case, it is up to the person's call to tell the relatives about it.
However, as I said earlier, it is better for the person to at least tell about the potential risk to their future partner since his genetic risk may affect his children later.
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children.
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carriers, and therefore, they should not have any child since their child may not be able to survive even after they are born.
Or, in a less extreme case, the child may be disabled.
This information plays a role in family planning matters; therefore, although no one is obliged to tell anyone about their genetic risk, they should be encouraged to tell their future partner.
In conclusion, whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives about his genetic risk, the choice is his because it is his gene, and he has the full right to it.
He may have different considerations other than judging people or make his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell his relatives. No matter his choice, we need to respect it, and we have no right to say that he must tell his relatives about it.
We all know that life is priceless, and we have no right to judge a person's death.
With the improvements in technology, a new life with genetic risk can be detected.
Genetic refers to the chance of inheriting a disorder or disease.
Therefore an entirely new dilemma is born: should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell their relatives?
This essay will discuss why relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have a genetic risk.
One of the reasons parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable of raising a child with genetic risk.
The child with genetic risk may not have the ability to work to build up a family with others, and most of the time, they are not acceptable to the majority.
They may not be able to enjoy an ordinary people can enjoy.
This competitive world is cruel to those who are not able to survive.
Parents and relatives have to work longer than expected and endlessly to foster their children if they are not able to foster themself.
The situation may worsen if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease, which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees.
Not only the child but also the entire family will suffer.
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can foster a new life that they cannot work and may suffer pain their entire life.
The other reason parents should know their baby is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation's good.
There is always newspaper report that a newborn baby has been abandoned at the hospital after they realize the baby have diseases that need a considerable amount of money to secure.
The countries like Singapore are short of workforce to contribute to the nation.
However, every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disabled such as medical subsidies and building up special schools to educate them.
Without increasing the number of disabled in a nation, the government can concentrate on developing in other ways like the military and education.
As citizens of a nation, they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways.
Moreover, in the world we are living today, many miscarriages are conducted in the hospital every day.
It is easier for people to accept it morally.
Therefore I believe the parents have the right to know their child's healthiness.
Many people may support the theory that everyone has the right to enjoy the world, especially people with religions.
However, the problem is, will the people enjoy their life if they have to stay at the hospital every day with all the needles and endless pain?
Parents know what is best for their children; thus, they will make the right decision after they have been informed.
Also, human beings should improve the medical field to prevent the tragedy happen.
A carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their relatives.
Genetic testing is a personal choice.
One should have complete control of their information, and it is their right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else.
When a couple is going to have babies, they are going to run a few tests and see whether they could have some genetic diseases.
The results are disclosed to husbands and wives.
This is not the case I am talking about here.
The most apparent reason for those who argue for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases.
They have the right to know whether they are at risk.
Also, telling them the result can let them essentially reduce the cost of multiple testing.
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease.
If a person has a disease C that might result from gene A, he runs a test and knows that he has the gene AA.
This means both of his parents have gene A, and they are both at high risk of having disease C.
They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are at high risk of having disease C.
If he runs a test and knows that he has the gene Aa, one of his parents has gene A, and one cost of testing could be saved.
His relatives can then take measures, if this disease can be prevented, to stop it from taking their lives.
However, this can also be achieved through personal choice.
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk.
Most people care about their relatives, and if there is no severe consequence of telling them so, I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful.
One might also choose to hint or encourage certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that come across when they disclose their genetic results.
Those might face possible negative consequences if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives.
If a person is obliged to tell their relatives, they might be discriminated against by those who do not carry this gene.
They might even be advised not to get married or have children.
For example, suppose an unmarried person has gene Aa, and gene aa is sufficient for a very serious disease after he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives. In that case, everyone knows that he is a carrier.
So all the married couples run a test and know they are not carriers.
They might subconsciously see him as different and worry that he will also find a wife who well carry this gene.
Third, it is hard to define relatives.
If a gene runs in the family, and one of the family member test positive, whom does he need to tell?
If that is a big family, is he obliged to tell everyone?
Spouses usually have very close relationships. If person A tells his family that he has this gene, his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needs to run a test because his cousin has this disease.
However, wife D is not even at risk of having this disease.
Then wife D might tell her mother, who likes to gossip, on her way to the theatre.
In less than a week, half of the town knows person A has a risk gene, and his family might be a genetically risky family.
Then nobody wants to marry A or his relatives.
This is the potential consequence if one does not have complete control of their information, especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group ( relatives ).
In conclusion, a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their relatives.
Carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives
Nowadays, people not only pursue the comfort of their own life but also the better development of their following generations.
Since the technology of modern society has become so advanced, it has become possible for people to make the decision to take the genetic test to be clear whether or not they carry a genetic risk that can affect the next generation.
The debatable question, an ethical dilemma, is that people are responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk.
I think the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite apparent.
And there are two primary reasons.
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and the health of your relatives, and the second one is being responsible for the next generations.
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is suitable for your self-wellness and the health of your relatives.
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk, then there is a great possibility that your relatives, like parents or siblings, are also carrying the same genetic risk.
Your genetic risk may or may not affect your health and put you in danger.
If you haven't undergone genetic testing, it's just odd and fate for what will happen to you and your relatives.
However, if you have undergone and know that you are a carrier, you are responsible for your whole family.
Even though you can not eliminate the risk, you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease.
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected, they can go to the hospital to do the checks regularly.
Therefore, telling the families and relatives to get prepared to fight the disease and even prevent getting the disease is your responsibility.
Furthermore, you are also responsible for next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of genetic risk.
If your wife is unaware of the truth and gives birth to the baby, it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well.
Being the parent, you are not responsible to the next generations since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation and generation and being aware of it.
However, if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives, you offer a chance about whether to have a child or not.
And suppose you still decide to have the baby, since the technology has been developed so advanced. In that case, it might be possible in the future that the application of altering genes is perfected and widely used. You can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future.
This is the responsibility of being a parent.
And in my opinion, this seems to be the primary purpose of undergoing that genetic testing in the first place.
In conclusion, once you have undergone the genetic testing and are aware of carrying some specific genetic risk, you are responsible for your relatives, yourself, and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth.
To tell or not to tell
Consider a case we decide to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it.
We found that we are the genetic risk carrier.
Then it becomes troublesome whether we must also tell our relatives who may carry it.
There are many things we need to consider.
Every choice we make may have a significant impact on our whole life.
As a result, what should we do?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die?
Many people feel we should tell our relatives since we care about their health status.
For example, diabetes is a kind of genetic disease.
Once we find we were carrying this genetic risk, it was better for us to tell our family members because they may also carry it.
If we tell them, they may start paying more attention to their daily habits, like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood.
And it is essential for those young people.
The earlier we tell them, the better habits they will have and better for the rest of their lives.
What's more, they may also undergo a genetic test to see whether they are carrying it or not, which is also better for them.
However, some people may argue why do we want to interfere with their lives?
Sometimes it becomes tough for them to accept this news, especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease, which is untreatable.
Imagine you are living like an average person. However, suddenly, one day, your relative tells you that there are some possibilities that you may encounter some disease in the future. What kind of feeling are you going to have?
It may affect our daily lives, and we will think about it daily.
We become so anxious that we can not focus on everything.
At the same time, there will also be chances that the genetic test result is incorrect, which means they are wasting their lives worrying about this thing, so we are bringing trouble them.
I feel that we still should take responsibility  for telling them the situation.
Since this will affect their lives, what we should do is try to make it positively.
We can not let it go.
We should know that although we may affect their lives, we can still let them make correct choices in the future.
Only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their health.
They will consider whether to give birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem, and they will start finding ways to avoid their baby carrying this genetic risk.
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test.
Maybe after we tell them, they will go for it and know more about themselves.
I know it will have a significant impact on them, but we should know that they are our loved ones. We need to tell them and help them.
A genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease.
Once the test is done, whether the results should be open to their relatives has caused extensive social controversy.
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected.
They have the right not to tell anyone.
However, in my opinion, a carrier of a known genetic risk must tell their relatives about their actual situation.
This essay will illustrate two aspects.
First, it can be an alert for the patient's family members and let them be aware of the possible disease they may also have.
As we all know, genetic risk carriers will likely pass genetics to their family members.
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetics, other members in their family may also have the risk of disease.
Some diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough.
Therefore, telling the relatives about the situation may avoid much trouble and save much time for proper treatment.
Sometimes life may be saved if they are told early and receive timely treatment.
So for the consideration of the other family members, the relatives should be informed.
Secondly, it can preventing genetic diseases from being passed to the next generation when they intend to have babies.
They should let their spouse know about their situation before marriage.
They need to ask for a doctor's advice before having a baby.
Some genetic genes will pass only to boys rather than girls; some are on the contrary.
Suppose the carrier refuses to tell the truth to their spouse. In that case, another life may have the risk of inheriting the genetic disease.
I noticed a real story in the newspaper years ago.
A couple in China has a son 5 years old.
Their son, unfortunately, fell ill, and he was diagnosed with a kind of genetic disease that is very serious.
They were told that the wife's family was carrying the polygenetic disorder and could pass only to boys rather than girls.
Therefore their son inherited the genetic disease.
However, the wife had already known about the polygenetic disorder before the marriage, and she did not tell her husband.
The son died after one year's treatment and the couple got divorced later.
If the wife had not learned the truth and asked for a doctor's advice before they had a baby, the tragedy would not happen.
In a nutshell, a carrier of a known genetic risk must tell their relatives.
On the one hand, it can tell members of the carrier's family the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible.
On the other hand, it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier hides the truth.
Nowadays, with the advancement of technology, it is easy to do genetic testing.
We can not deny that genetic testing helps people a lot when they face a disorder problem.
However, I thought that genetic information is one person's privacy which the law should protect.
Therefore, I thought a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their family or relatives.
There are three reasons as follows.
Firstly, the information concerning genetics is something personal that is also private, like people's bank card keys.
Other people should not be told without the person's permission, even though they are their family or relatives.
The government should set the law to protect this kind of privacy.
Once people's genetic information is told to other people, they may know the person's potential disabled disease or other bad things naturally.
They may set a bias on this person, even abandon him or her.
People cannot choose their genes. They should not be thought of poorly because of their lousy gene.
So I think whatever the genetics is or whether the gene matches with their parents, it should not be told to anyone, even their family or relatives.
Secondly, the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family, even breaking the relationship between children the adult.
Once their family or relatives know that the person does not have a relationship with them.
However happy they were before, there would be some barrier that would indeed destroy the family gradually.
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way; it is much more profound and tighter.
The parents give knowledge and love to the children. Meanwhile, they feel happy with the accompany of the children.
The children rely on their parents to live.
When they grow up, they take care of their old parents and thank them for their dedication.
The relationship between parents and children is something about love and dedication.
Everyone does not want to see the broken family scene due to the carrier of a known genetic risk.
Therefore, I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their family or relatives without the person's permission.
Finally, the technology for testing the gene is not very mature now.
There also exists some probability of wrong testing.
If the doctor did not find the wrong testing, the family and the children may be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life.
Therefore I think a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their family or relatives.
Therefore, considering the people's privacy and the existence of wrong testing, for the peace of the family, I support that a know genetic risk should not be obligated to tell their family or relatives without the person's permission.
A Carrier of a Known Genetic Risk Should be Obligated to Tell Their Relatives
More and more illnesses are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of medical technology.
People will know whether they carry disease in their genes after they have done the genetic test.
If there is no problem, that would be incredible.
However, not everybody is so lucky that they can ensure they do not carry any disease genes.
Therefore, once people find they have carried the disease genes, they should be responsible for telling their relatives, at least their family members.
It may be awkward and embarrassing for a person to tell relatives that they are carriers of a known genetic risk.
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather; then, of course, they own the same genes in some part.
Therefore there is nothing to be shy about or afraid of.
Suppose the person tells their relatives that he or she carries a disease gene. In that case, their relatives can go to the hospital to check whether they also get a disease gene.
Then the relatives can prepare themselves to prevent the disease from occurring.
Also, they can prevent the disease from going to their offspring.
If the relatives carry that disease gene, they can share the experience with them and give some help. They will also teach them how to communicate with others about this issue.
If he or she does not get married, he or she must tell their partner that they carry the disease gene.
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of doctors.
Or else, if he holds back the genetic risk, they may have an unhealthy baby and may cause the baby's death or the end of their marriage.
There is a story I watched on TV.
A couple did not have a child after marriage for a long time. Their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to the hospital to check what the problem was.
After returning from the hospital, the man told his parents that the problem was that he carried a disease gene so that they could not have a baby in their lifetime.
The woman did not know the test result, but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce her husband.
After she got the divorce certificate, the man showed her the test report; it wrote that the woman carried the disease gene instead of the man.
At that time, the woman knew how much her husband loved her, but she ruined her happiness.
Tears showed nothing.
People can not avoid carrying the disease genes they were born with.
However, they can avoid the disease genes being inhered to their children.
Telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease gene can make their family members bond closely. Also many risks and conflicts can be avoided.
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect each individual at risk for a disorder.
However, a family-related ethical dilemma arises if it is right to tell a carrier's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known.
I am most inclined to believe that their relatives have the right to know the result.
The answer is that everyone, especially our family, has the right to know the truth.
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results, while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist, the consequence will be significant if other members of their family do not know.
Then they cannot have a suitable method to protect themselves and make emotional preparations.
Take Angeline Jolie, for example, she is famous. However, she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on developing her breast cancer risk.
Everything is not that bad if you look at the bright side with hope.
People may feel angry, depressed, or even guilty about their results.
In some cases, a carrier can suffer tension within a family because the result is somehow related to the others' risk.
However, I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation.
In addition, though it can be possible in some cases that they and the family can undergo specific discrimination in employment and their social life, how can peopleface more dramatic tragedies such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome these harsh situations.
Life is hard, but people can not blame it for unfairness.
It is just because you do not become strong enough to overcome a hard time.
Furthermore, living with a secret is not a good sensation, especially if  other relatives’ situations worsen. You should feel guilty and depressed.
Moreover, the truth can not be hidden forever, but when it is revealed, it will be more shocking and upsetting.
As a result, it is in the interests of the carriers and their relatives to tell them the genetic testing result is needed.
Last but not least, though genetic testing is a personal matter, telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and sympathy for each other as well as promote awareness of taking care of everyone's health.
That plays a vital role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of society and anxiety about the risks.
To put it in a nutshell, I believe that people should be obligated to tell their relatives about the genetic testing result for the good of their health.
It can be difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their families.
In addition, emotional preparations and how you explain your genetic condition are also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and, if necessary ,guide them if he/she wishes to conduct similar genetic testing.
The Impact Of Social Media
Social media has been playing a vitally important role in our lives today.
It is almost impossible for us to keep away from it.
I started linvolved in Facebook one year ago when I had just arrived Singapore.
And now, I got over 500 friends on Facebook and bury myself with hundreds of seeds every day.
We know each others' status, changements, and so on through social media.
For example, if we change our contact numbers, we will no longer send SMS to each individual.
Instead, we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changes.
And if you are not on it, you will just get lost.
In certain aspects, social media has brought us quite a lot of convenience.
It is becoming even more convenient than talking through the phone since it is free.
We discuss everything we like, and we have more personal space.
Our friends also got more access to know what we were doing and what we liked.
And also, we get a chance to talk to public people like famous stars and know their life better.
In China, many government organizations have open blogs to communicate with people, like firefighters, police stations, and so on.
Social media allows them to explain to or inform people what is going on.
And actually, lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media, like looking for people who get lost and so on.
With more convenient and human communications, the relationship between the government and people is primarily improved.
What's more, various cultures can be shown to us through social media.
We can learn more about news and cultures through social media.
From this scope, social media has shortened our distance.
However, we get less chance and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so convenient, advanced, and attractive.
And even we gather together, and more people find themselves having fewer topics to talk about than before and choose to dig into their social media again.
When we are far away, social media makes it seem as if we are in front of each other; sometimes, when we are by each other's side, we seem to be further than far away.
This kind of feeling makes people's relationships less stable, secure, and reliable than before.
Besides, more people are showing their pictures of yummy food or traveling experience.
To some extent, this makes our life more luxury and blundering.
I am long to some places after seeing those beautiful pictures taken by my friends.
Sometimes I even cannot sleep well because of excitement.
Social media made our life pattern so fast and leaves us less time to think about our life.
Social media is becoming more critical, and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better.
Interpersonal skills, like any other skills, require practice.
Besides that, these skills require time to develop and adapt.
The burgeoning of social media has its stint. However, amongst all good things, it is better to have them in moderation.
Convenience and efficiency are two essential use of social media.
While millions of users are connected at any one time, any information can be readily available for their perusal.
This improves the connectivity between the users.
For example, one can send notifications and other information we used to have in hardcopy previously, over the web, and the process takes seconds.
The recipient will receive the information almost immediately, depending on the quality of the network.
This convenience can be perceived as almost in real-time.
Next, communication also greatly improved.
In the past, vast communication was done by one of the many, such as telegram, snail mail, and poor-quality voice calls.
With the welcoming of applications such as Skype and Facetime, any individual can phase off most of the olden-days' communication methods.
Aside from hearing the voice, a web camera could also be affixed to emulate ,a real interaction with expressions and gestures.
Communication would have taken a different turn without the readily available social media.
However, it is a good practice not to intensively use social media all the time.
Intimate interaction significantly lacks in social media interactions, particularly touch.
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recipient.
It involves a dynamic interaction which utilizes the motor, thinking, and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate.
Unlike the use of social media, most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing.
As a result, one does not train the necessary parts of the skills required for proper interpersonal relations.
It is also entirely incorrect to fault social media alone for lacking interpersonal skills.
Howard Garner studied the effect of multiple intelligences amongst people. He stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skill on its own - some have it, some do not.
Howard Garner mentioned that the different bits of intelligence couldbe charted in accordance with utilizing tests and ranked.
Fundamentally, those who scored lower ranking for interpersonal skills are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed.
Though social media need not necessarily bad, it must be used accordingly - for work, family, and friends.
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing, interacting, discussing, and others.
The space of separation between the parties must also be looked at.
For people living very far from one another, the intensive use of social media is justified.
Those who lives within the community should at least meetup and not use social media as the primary source of communication with each other.
And at the same time, it improves interpersonal skill through dynamic practices between individuals and real-time presence.
Including intimate presence and relative touch could also build a better rapport between those interacting.
Recently, the rise of social media has helped people to have a closer connection with each other; it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact than face-to-face meetings.
In my opinion, social media websites such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face-to-face contact and thus negatively affects interpersonal skills.
On the other hand, it may even increase the chance of having face-to-face contact among people.
First, social media networks have a lot of user base, which helps to link people from different parts of the world.
In the days without social networks, people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or those they never met before.
The number of people they know may only be limited to the people they meet daily, like classmates and working partners.
Therefore, social networks bring more and more connections between people, and they may have a chance to chat with people they have never known before, which helps to develop interpersonal skills as well.
Secondly, although social network takes time for people to chat online but not face to face, they may still decide a time online to meet others face to face in their daily life.
In this case, the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk.
For example, if social network does not exist, business people need to meet each other face to face, and it is other time consuming, even sometimes with a business that is not so important, it still takes a lot of time to travel, which is a wastage.
However, social network helps people to meet and chat much easily; they can even use video chat and create a group chat to chat with multiple parties simultaneously.
Nowadays, even some companies conduct an online video interviews with their applicants as it saves time and cost.
Social network may also create some negative impacts on people.
The most significant negative impact is that due to the online network, some people use and rely on the internet every minute.
They take too much time using online social networks and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in real life.
It not only affects interpersonal skills but is also bad for people's health if they spend too much time on social media.
Secondly, the social network may leak specific personal information to the public, as the cyber environment is not perfect and unsafe. People may not effectively protect their privacy online, and sometimes, some may use others' personal information to deceive others.
In conclusion, despite the unsafe online environment, spending too much time on the internet may be the potential negative factor in using online social networks.
It provides people with a more convenient contact environment and improves the frequency of meeting with each other.
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chatting.
Overall, there are more benefits than costs.
The world is increasingly becoming flat by all kinds of social network websites such as Facebook and Twitter.
We can even know what a friend who lives thousands of miles away eats for lunch through these kinds of social media.
From some points of view, social has many advantages by letting us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently.
However, its disadvantages also can not be ignored when you consider it a platform to show off and a stage for cybercrime.
Social network sites provide us with many conveniences.
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends on the phone, we can know or their latest news by scanning the webpage.
It can help us know more about each other.
It can make people closer as well.
For example, if you find out one of your friend's favorite singers is Justin Biber through Facebook, you can give them Justin Biber's new album or concert ticket as a birthday gift.
It will be lovely, and you two will surely become closer.
In addition, social network sites can help you keep in touch with friends living very far away.
I met some Canadian friends in Egypt.
Without Facebook, we may lose contact.
However, thanks to Facebook, I can still keep in touch with them, and I know what they have been doing recently as we are live close to each other.
The disadvantages of social network media are pretty undeniable.
Research shows that people will unconsciously hide their honest thoughts when they say or post something that will be exposed to the public.
It means that one can not know another's honest thoughts and by reading things that he or she puts on social network media.
It will make them quite upset when they communicate in real life.
In addition, with all those " nice " guys around on the social network website, one may neglect the people surrounding them and communicate with friends on Facebook.
It is a typical scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but look at their cellphone.
Accrding to research, this kind of behavior is not good for people's psychological health.
Cyber communication is quite different from face-to-face  communication, and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to real-life communication.
In addition, the cyber relationship can not always work in real life.
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends, one is more likely to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others through our five senses.
With the willingness of people to become the best among others, social network sites have now become a place to show off.
Some people will post their expensive thing or the overseas places of interest they have been on the social network and get satisfaction by doing so.
It is mental unhealth, and it may trigger people, especially teenagers, to become material.
Last but not least, with all kinds of personal information on one's social network page, it is convenient for a criminal to use this information to commit a crime.
Above all, social network site is like two-sided knife. People can only take good advantage of them by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it, such as putting less personal information on their Facebook page.
The modes of communication have been changing over the years, from letter writing to social networking.
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology, which has made communication faster than ever before.
Today, social media sites, such as Facebook and Twitter, are relatively common within contemporary society;  people can communicate with each other, online or offline, on these social networking platforms.
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms, which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world.
However, critics may argue that the existence of social media sites has reduced physical human interactions among people as they will prefer sitting in front of a computer to going out and meeting new friends.
This essay will discuss both the benefits and downsides of using social media in contemporary society.
Nowadays, social media can disseminate information faster than any other media.
There are about 50 % of people have learned about breaking news from social media.
This is due to people spending comparatively more time on social networking than reading newspapers.
Furthermore, with the current technology, smartphones can social media sites, which has made it easier for consumers to use.
Hence, social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to immediately disseminate information to the people around them.
However, critics may argue that not all information or news disseminated is reliable.
There might be false information or hoaxes spreading around on social media.
For example, in 2012, there were false rumors of fires, shootouts, and caravans of shooters in a Mexico City suburb which had spread through Twitter and Facebook.
This caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls, resulting in temporarily closing schools.
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone, given that social media can disseminate information at a relatively fast speed.
Nevertheless, there are cyber policies that roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes from spreading around.
But, there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement.
Social media can improve the relationship and make new friends, provided that there is mutual trust and understanding between both parties.
Many teenagers today claim that they can keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location.
In the past, people used to write letters to their friends, and it will take a relatively long time to send the letter over.
Therefore, with the help of technology, people can catch up with each other conveniently.
Furthermore, it will be easier to make new friends find who have similar interests or hobbies.
However, for people to maintain their relationships, as well as makingmake new friends, it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties.
It might not be accurate to judge the other party's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media.
In addition, there are chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the other party’s tone over social media platforms.
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication.
But, if there is trust and mutual understanding on social media, it will be ideal for people to improve their relationships and make new friends.
In conclusion, social media in contemporary society can help one improve the relationship and make new friends, as well as disseminate information efficiently to the masses.
However, there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication.
Nevertheless, the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of.
All-in-all, social media is the product of rapid technological advancement, and there is more to come in the future.
Advantages: Social media sites have considerably eased long-distance communication and interaction due to their accessibility and convenience.
With a globalized and interconnected world today, Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction.
With just a touch away from any media/electronic devices, one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle.
Thus, long-distance relationships or friendships can be maintained, and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much more accessible.
The sharing of personal photos, posting the status of one's personal feelings or experience, and being able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engaged and expand with ease.
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends can now do so in the form of words via a social media platform.
Thus, socialization can occur seamlessly and effectively with the utilization of such social media platforms.
Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another, making human interaction possible at one's convenience.
Society will adapt to such phenomena as physical interaction is transformed into cyber interaction.
With the frequent usage and reliance on social media and the Internet, a society that socializes through the cyber will be more advanced and adapted to the highly connected world.
This will significantly help society to progress rapidly.
Disadvantages: One of the main concerns of using social media platforms to communicate is credibility.
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proven physically as media limits this physical interaction, except when using a webcam to chat.
We can not be specific of the reliability or truth of some posts or information we receive through the Internet.
We may, in fact communicate with a hoax Facebook account of a cyber friend, which we assume to be accurate. However, in reality, it is a fake account.
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit specific personal agendas.
Thus, the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction, which can be stimulated through the media.
Although emoticons can be used to show certain emotions, this differs from the real authentic emotion of your friends when you observe them through their body language and facial expressions.
The danger of such media socialization is the uncertainty of such communication due to the lack of physical interaction.
Furthermore, this lack of physical interaction has affected human interpersonal behavior since communication is made through social media instead of meet-ups.
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one's behavior.
The lack of exposure to real-life interaction with humans with not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others.
Therefore, for an effective and efficient society, there is a need to balance social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people.
Nowadays, people can even use their phones to read the news, and everyone can be the first witness towhat is happening worldwide.
People use Twitter to follow the artists or celebrities they love and Facebook to see their friends' recent activity.
Nevertheless, they can still use the phone to do regular calls and messages to contact.
Not only did the phone do the jobs for them, but also devices like personal computers, laptops, tablets, and many other devices which can connect to the internet.
It is obvious to see that the internet saves people's time and also connects people globally.
Several arguments have been made regarding social media to have some inevitable disadvantages for people.
People can only use electrical devices to access the internet.
Whenever they need to use social media, they must use a phone or the internet.
Generally, people need their eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and their fingers to manipulate the corresponding device.
As a result, they will lose eye contact and hands to express their feeling to people nearby them, which means they have lost the tools they need for face-to-face contact communication.
This can be easily seen in restaurants or cafes nowadays.
A family of four is having dinners in a restaurant without any chatting because their holding and looking at their display screen with one hand while the other is holding a fork.
A group of friends having high tea in a caf é without chatting as well, because they do not know what to say but press on their display screen.
The children nowadays do not know what is neighborhood games and who is staying beside them. All they know is pressing icons on the screens.
These are concrete examples of how social media reduce face-to-face human contact.
When people get used to using social media to contact other people, what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and become lost eventually.
Firstly, they have lost the courage to meet strangers, not even the courage to talk.
Also, they will not have enough experience to communicate with people the face and not be trained in their conversation skills.
As a result, social media helps them do their jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills.
Social media does have some other advantages besides their public benefits to a human beings.
First, people save money by using the internet to contact other people and read the news.
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in another country via social media software instead of making an international call which costs a lot to an average salary family.
He can even talk to her daughter face-to-face using video calls via the internet.
Secondly, people make friends all over the world and can update their friends on their recent activity.
A guy going to travel for months can quickly tell all his friends about his activity.
When one of his friends who is unaware of this has failed to contact him via telephone, he might be able to get his whereabouts using social media.
These are the advantages that save work most of the time.
In conclusion, social media benefits people in several ways but at the same time harms people.
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it properly.
With the aid of social media, people bonds globally, information flows rapidly, and human lives happily.
All of us are living in the technological realm of society.
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people?
It started with the invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades.
In the past, we traveled by ship, and now we can use an airplane.
In the past, it took a few days to receive a message as we needed to post our letter. Now, we can use e-mail which stands for electronic message, to send messages to our friends or even use our handphone to send our messages.
From the example I mentioned earlier, we can see that distance between us and our loved one are getting further apart.
This is because of the ease of technology such as airplanes, some of our friends might be going overseas to continue their studies or even are away from their family to pursue their studies or even careers in life.
Thus, this makes Twitter and Facebook one of the mediums we need.
Nevertheless, everything in life has positive and negative effects.
This applies to these social media sites.
The following two paragraphs will discussthe advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society.
With the help of social media tools, we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them.
Social media sites such as Facebook ve allowed us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while overseas.
These approaches help the parents communicate with their children and know what kind of activities their children have when they are overseas.
Social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved one even though the distance separates you.
It might not replace the joy that you have when you are with your family, but it could help to reduce the sadness of being away from your family.
As I mentioned in the beginning, there are also disadvantages to social media tools.
One of them is that it reduces concentration, especially among youngsters.
This is because it is part of everyone's habit to check their facebook page, as their friends will post something new every second.
Thus, you can see that some students will browse Facebook while attending lectures.
This means that the students were not concentrating when they were supposed to.
As a result, it could affect their lives and studies.
This could lead to stress as these students cannot cope with their studies because they abeing distracted.
In my opinion, every individual has to take responsibility for their own life by making the right decision.
There are advantages and disadvantages to using social media sites. However, in this case, striking a balance between social media and life is the most important thing to do.
Nowadays, the use of social media platforms is commonplace in our lives.
In an increasingly globalized world, such platforms even enhance and compliate the links between individuals worldwide.
Thanks to them, people can get to know one another online without traveling to meet up for business purposes for companies or personal reasons.
However, it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world, resulting in some negative impacts on individuaul's daily lives and therefore becoming a significant problem in societies as a whole.
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites, the importance of face-to-face human contact has decreased.
As people feel more confident online, where they do not have to face real-life on the spot, they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online.
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in individuals, especially young students, as they always have the option to turn their back to real life and go online.
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but to face things in real life.
As they are so used to having an online avatar, they may lose their self-identity in real life. They may not realize how to interact with people in real life.
Another problem with social media is that the benefits of investing such an enormous amount of time and energy are not reflected as something positive to the users.
The reason why it is so addictive is that the more people get into social media, they seek attention from their friends.
However, such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short-termed and go easily, thus not adding any value or meaning to the user's life.
Also, according to research, it has been proven that users feel sad after using Facebook, and this is because users unknowingly compare their lives with other people's lives.
But seriously, most people only post the happiest moments in their lives.
Social media has some other substantial benefits that make the users stay as the links among the people.
Indeed, I use Facebook just because of the friends and contacts I want to keep.
However, friendship in such a virtual world is so superficial thatit is not so relevant to real life.
Also, as numerous profit-driven companies realize the huge human traffic on such social media sites, they make it a pond to fish the customers by uploading many advertisements.
Furthermore, this also possibly triggers privacy issues as Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information of the users.
As this happens, users are more and more prone to any possible fraud.
Social media sites are at their peaks at the moment. However, I believe that when people realize that such sites are not making them better persons in real life, they will not be indulged in it as much as they are now.
The users soon will realize that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with their friends because, if they need somebody, they will reach their friends no matter what.
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media, but do we really get connected or fall apart?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born to connect people from around the world.
The idea seems excellent; nowadays, most people, even the older generation, will have at least one social media platform like Facebook.
The parents are now their " friends " of their kids, and they can " follow " their kids more closely and in real time.
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently to connect with their so-called friends.
However, as we then tend to spend too much time on this and significantly reduceface-to-face human contact, that eventually affects our interpersonal skills.
First and foremost, I would like to share the advantages of using such social media in my daily life.
As a student, I tend to meet many people from different backgrounds and in different settings.
We may meet only once, but we exchange our contact numbers and our facebook account to keep in touch.
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may not even call, social media like Facebook is an excellent way for friends from a different fields or even from different parts of the world to be connected.
Within clicks, we could check on the friend's profile and read on for their updates.
On the other hand, we could update our profile by posting on the wall, and our friends could read up on the newsfeed.
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet up to still be connected.
Not only that, new friends can be easily met through such online platforms.
Hence, our social circle is indeed expanding.
Nonetheless, what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls apart.
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is the time reduction in face-to-face contact.
This subsequently leads to poor interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our natural social circle.
For example, we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us, " Today is someone's birthday. "
We may have just forgotten our friend's birthday.
We used to send wishes cards during the festive season, like Chinese New Year, and we feel so good to write one and, of course, to receive one with stamps.
Gone were the times, and now we do mass sending, and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes.
As time passes, we may have more " friends " on the list, but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined.
In a nutshell, every sword has two edges.
The users of every social media site need to strike a balance between the real world versus the virtual one.
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of their impacts on our actual life.
Ultimately, the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings. However, social media sites are only the tools to enhance them.
Nowadays, social media sites are commonly used in society.
I believe 80 percent of people play social media sites.
These sites play the role of connecting people around the world.
It consists of connecting, sharing, interacting, and advertising.
However, some disadvantages also occur due to social media, which are concerned society.
Therefore, this article explains the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life.
First, with the function of social media sites that connects people, everyone can interact and communicate with friends and families, or even strangers, without any time and place constraints.
We can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand through social media sites.
There are over a thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries.
However, we can chat with our friends without traveling to the countries.
It saves a lot of money and time and strengthens our relationship, although we stay in different places around the world.
Besides that, the company can also use the convenience of social media sites, such as Facebook chat or Skype, to facilitate meeting with parties of the project from around the world.
A substantial cost is saved without the tiring travel from one point to another.
With the vast cost savings, this capital can be utilized in other sectors, which benefits the company more and boosts the company's profit.
However, there are two sides to stories always.
Some scholars argue that social media usage reduces the face-to-face connection between humans.
Since ancient times, humans have interacted with others face by face.
Without the facial impression, it is easier to misunderstand the speakers’ intention.
That is why facial impression is one of the most essential elements in social learning.
In addition, " social media sites will affect writing skills, "that is the point of view in society.
Based on the statistical report, the more of writing skills will be reduced when more time is used on social media sites.
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know.
The auto-correction software is so effective when using the electronic device that we did not realize the importance of writing.
Writing is an essential skill for a person who expresses their feelings and opinions.
Privacy, is the word that has become popular in these few decades.
Human has their rights and privacy.
I believe that most of us agree with these terms.
However, there is news about social media sites leaking users' information to companies with cash reimbursement.
Everything we type on social media sites is recorded in the server and then transferred to the companies for spying and advertising.
Although it looks like there are no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want, you are wrong.
You are controlled by government laws and spied on by the government.
In conclusion, everything has two sides to stories.
Our responsibility is to identify the advantages and disadvantages of social media sites.
To utilize the technology well, we should make an effort not only to balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons.
Thus, the new technology will bring a prosperous future for us and the next generation.
With the wide spread of advanced technology, social media sites are becoming more and more popular.
Getting connected on social media such as Facebook, and Twitter has become the primary trend as well as daily work nowadays.
In this situation, both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily lives.
On the one side, it is obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives.
Social media allows people to contact each other every time and everywhere.
Whether at home or school, at work, or on holiday, we can communicate and interact with our friends.
Even when people are thousands of miles apart, social media makes it possible to interact by keep writing comments.
When our phones are accidentally done, we can also use social media to contact our friends.
Some people trying to talk in public can also actively participate in group chatting via social media.
Besides, we can make more friends through such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in.
Therefore, the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to update friends' statuses and contact friends more frequently.
On the other side, we need to rethink the influences brought by social media.
There are still many disadvantages to using social media.
Firstly, interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face-to-face human contact.
While social media brings convenience to people's lives, people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting, which has a time and place requirement.
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people, and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation.
Secondly, people's over-addition may avoidably, to some degree, exacerbate social alienation, and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-dependence on virtual social networking.
More and more networking has been transferred to the internet from real life.
This is a potential danger for teenagers growing up with social changes to get hurt.
Thirdly, much updating of luxury living standards and other show-off situations may make people's daily life more and more grandiloquent, which is not an accurate social growing trend.
Lastly, it is easy for people to waste much time using social media.
Again, they tend to suffer from social media addiction, and their study and work may be significantly influenced.
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media, and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us, this primary trend of using social media may still be lasting for a long time.
Therefore, whenever we use social media, we should consider both sides and try to avoid being affected by the disadvantages.
Only by absorbing the essence and discarding the dregs can we better usesocial media.
In a sophisticated era these days, experts keep producing inventions meant to make life easier.
Geographical and transportation borders are no problem anymore because communication and information technologies have been continuously enhanced.
The telephone may be perceived as a significant innovation created even when the first time Graham Bell introduced it.
However, since the internet was known, the telephone started to give way to social media sites.
Many advantages are given to the users.
Take an example from Facebook and Twitter, two of the most famous social media sites.
Through Facebook, people can maintain a relationship with their old acquaintances.
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people's particular addresses may change from time to time. On Facebook, people can keep in contact with old friends just by using their name and photo, for example, as identifiers.
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting services, personal profiles, media of sharing, and another entertainment add-on ( i.e., social games ) that allows users to communicate with remote people and also to update and express themselves at the same time.
Twitter, which has a more simplified function than Facebook, gives more benefits if used as an information-sharing media.
Twitter only allows users to give an update that is limited to short sentences to spread the word fast, and only highlighted messages are delivered.
For Facebook, a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded, long notes can be published, and even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays.
These advantages also come in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile applications on our smartphones.
Despite the luxury offered by social media, there are also harmful side effects that people may not realize beforehand.
Research shows that face-to-face meeting frequency among people addicted to social media sites has been decreasing.
As a consequence, it affects their interpersonal skills.
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say. However, in face-to-face communication, every word that comes out of your mouth and maynot be well arranged is the picture of your personality.
This skill requires practice and can not be done entirely through social media.
There is a situation where a family is having dinner together in a restaurant. However, everybody is busy with their gadget, posting a picture on Facebook, updating their status on Twitter, or even chatting with friends.
These social media servethe purpose of binding people despite their geographical boundaries. However, it doesn't mean that surrounding people are neglected as the payoff.
This is related to the interpersonal skill mentioned before, which can decrease qualitatively if we are used to facing gadgets, not human beings.
Another disadvantage affecting other people is that , we build " false images" in public by only showing selected parts of our lives.
We tend only to share our happy moments in the media.
Because of this, other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problems.
Other people are then influenced by us and tend to do the same.
As a result, people think of themselves as lowly, which may lead to depression and mental disorders.
It also reduces our sympathy.
This is a serious social problem and affects many people.
As explained above, modern and sophisticated technology doesn't always give advantages.
There are many disadvantages that people may not realize.
It is up to people's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take.
So, we should never forget to think of and calculate the benefits and losses of every decision we make.
Nowadays, the advancement of technology improves the lives of many people a lot.
In most countries, there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter.
Many people think that social media sites benefit for communication between people. In contrast, others argue that there are several negative impacts on society.
One of the advantages which are carried by those social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before.
In the past decades, when social media sites were not yet fully developed, people connected with others who lived far away by phone or even a letter.
However, calling a person by phone and writing a person a letter requires some cost, and sending a letter to a person who lives far away, especially in villages, takes a lot of time.
The appearance of those social media sites causes those problems to be solved.
People connecting through social media sites can spend no money on communication; it also takes only one or a few seconds for the message to reach.
Therefore, this advantage of social media sites saves money and time and provides convenience for many people.
Moreover, this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person they did not see for a very long time, such as their friends in primary and secondary school.
As we graduate from school, we will probably lose contact with some of our friends.
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses, and we cannot find them through a phone or a letter.
If phone and letter were the only way to contact them, we would probably not able to find them.
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative routes to make the connection between our old friends and us.
Hence, social media sites serve as a platform for connection.
Everything that comes with benefits will also have its disadvantages.
On the other hand, social media sites also bring some negative impacts on people and society.
The advancement of those social media sites makes people so reliant on them that some of them insteadprefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face.
Many people argue that this is the most severe problem brought about by social media sites.
The usage of social media sites indirectly causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication in real life, which will, in turn, cause the loss of interpersonal skills for many people.
As we all know, interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate and present our views and ideas.
The loss of interpersonal skills results in people’s inability to present their ideas well.
As a result, they will gradually decrease their ability to compete in society.
In conclusion, social media sites cause both positive and negative consequences for people and society.
As a part of this modern society, we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the advancement of technologies and avoid the cons and maximize the benefits of those sites.
With the advancement of technology in recent years, the need to keep in touch with people and the latest news has become a tremendous demand.
Some famous examples are social media sites like Twitter and Facebook.
With increasing number of more than a billion users from all over the world, social media sites have clearly demonstrated their success in playing an essential part in our lives.
However, there are arguments that social media life reduces face-to-face human contact, which in turn affects interpersonal skills.
Let's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society.
First and foremost, all social media sites are free.
All users need an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter ID to start their journey in social media life.
Secondly, it helps people to keep in touch with one another.
For example, finding old friends through Facebook ismore accessible than asking people around in real life.
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer.
Thirdly, social media sites keep us up-to-date on the latest news and updates from almost everywhere in the world, all with a click away on the refresh button.
Last but not least, social media sites also link people by allowing us to create our groups, pages, or sites to share our hobbies, interests, and studies in particular subjects.
Hence, it is undeniable that these sites play an essential role in our global inter-connected world.
However, social media sites also have a second side of negative impact on humans.
Undeniably, it becomes more addicting when we spend more time busy ,socializing, and interacting virtually.
We spend most of our time on sites like Facebook and Twitter, affecting our daily work productivity and performance.
In the corporate world, employers often block social media networks to prevent employees from spending their office time on their leisure than concentrating on their work.
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also brings in a harmful impact on us in the long term.
The more time we spend on these sites, the lesser time we spend face-to-face interactions with one another.
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between humans and the time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone.
In addition, there are also some false reports and fake IDs that occur on both social media sites people use a fake IDs to insult or harass someone, like the case of Heather Chua occurred recently on Facebook.
These malicious comments often go viral, creating a robust negative effect on the actual user in real life, which might lead to an unwilling attitude to interact with others in real life by the victim.
In conclusion, everything has its two-sided effect, and it depends on how we exploit it.
With current booming technology, it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each other through social media sites. However, it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it is even more critical aspect in our life.
As more and more social websites such as Twitter, Facebook, and Weibo have become ubiquitous, seamless, and imperative in our life, people may worry about the young generation having problems with face-to-face communication skills.
However, I believe the benefits of these online chat rooms tremendously outweigh their repercussions.
Social media enables us to explore the world far, far away without paying for expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday.
The convenience is beyond description.
With a small smartphone or a computer at school, at work, or home, we can easily make friends worldwide with a click and get to know about their life through having conversations with them and reading their blogs, photos and status.
Compared to face-to-face interaction, the online conversation is more accessible for strangers to open their mouths to each other.
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page, it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about.
Moreover, people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks, in reality, being taken off.
This has been indicated in a report by Boston University in 2012, 80 % of information posted online is true, while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life.
This shows that a Facebook friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a Facebook account.
That is because we are acting who we are in reality while we have no reason to do that in the online virtual world.
Although sometimes the genuine sharing of information may be inappropriate or even harmful, such as the prevalent use of vulgarity and harsh-meaning comments, we can minimize those repercussions through strict online content regulations.
Another advantage of social media is thatit aids the spread of democracy.
People around the world could quickly share their thoughts about their governments.
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what is happening around them.
One of the examples is the 2012 riots that happened in Egypt and Zambia.
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Egyptians to people in Zambia quickly through social media.
However, as the government controls most of the media, these social media may be tools of their campaign and manipulate the public’s thoughts.
For example, in the 2012 general election in Singapore, Dr. Tan Chee Keong used Facebook to spread his campaign videos to the public.
Because of this, social media is still a fairer and more transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional media.
Intensive use of Social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication.
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people sit together around a table with each of them having a cell phone in their hands.
They are too busy with too many virtual friends, and some neglect the feelings of their real-life friends.
In this case, I have to say that to err human.
What we can do is educate the public about the importance of their friends just by their side and teach them to manage their time well.
In conclusion, using social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily lives.
What we can do is cautiously manage our time spent online and manage the words used online.
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities, the virtual world would be better.
Social media sites' role in connecting people around the world is undeniable.
Thank those social media, communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease.
Apart from the ease of communication despite the distance, many other advantages, such as knowledge sharing and trades, can also be done through social media.
Nevertheless, with those advantages, some disadvantages may appear, such as a reduction in face-to-face human contact, which affects interpersonal skills, privacy issues, and some frauds that can be done through social media.
Twitter, Facebook, and Skype are some social media sites that enable us to keep in touch with our friends or family in other cities or countries.
Through those sites, we can talk to them, know what their activities are and who their friends are, etc.
From the surface point of view, it is no doubt that these sites help us have a better relationship with our relatives despite the distance.
The sharing of information can be done faster through social media ,which is why nowadays, many news publishers make their social media accounts. For example, Channel News Asia has a Twitter account and will update its followers with headline news.
That shows how news and information can be shared easily through social media.
Furthermore, since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media, this information can reach them easily without needing to watch or listen to the news reports.
Due to social media’s popularity, many people started doing business via these sites.
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook, whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online, we can get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites, which can be considered an advantage for us, the buyers.
However, is it the same when we keep in touch with someone virtually compared to when we meet them personally?
I think there is a difference in it, and many of us will agree.
When we write or communicate virtually, we can hide our feelings and may not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us.
Other than that, sometimes the message of one party can not be adequately delivered to the other one since the communication is done through written language, and thus the tone of the message sent and when it is received may be different.
Many people are courageous in telling people about their opinions online. However, in real life, some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all.
This will lead to a poor interpersonal skills as well as a problem of trust.
Nowadays, we can not trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even real.
Some people fake their identities on media sites so they can know more people, or some may even cheat others.
In addition, privacy has become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may share some information they are not willing to share in the first place.
Therefore, while social media sites undoubtedly have benefits in our life, we should consider their drawbacks and thus use them wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and disadvantages in the slightest way possible.
It is a typical scene that almost everyone on public transport is watching a phone or wearing a pair earpiece in today’s modern society.
Not only one but many developed and developing countries have the same picture.
Some say that it is a necessary step for human revolution.
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people for them to connect to others, even from different countries.
It also brings many adverse effects, such as loss of communication skills, which are essential in their workplace.
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life.
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media site is that people can reach others easily, even without contact for a long time.
In this fast pace and competitive world, people may not be able to keep in touch with others.
With the help of social media sites, people can upload their discoveries and funny scene on it, and they can their friends’ new information.
I am studying overseas, and my busy study life keeps me from contacting my old friend.
Using a typical social media site with my friends to help me know what their statuses are nowadays.
And I can easily find a common topic when I contact them.
In Singapore, many Malaysian cross the sea to work here.
Many of them are busy at work and separate from their children.
One of the Managers in my working place has the same situation.
After my Manager taught her mother how to use Facebook, she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild.
Therefore my Manager would not miss the moments of her daughter's growth.
Social media sites are also handy tools for starting a new friendship or relationship.
People get connected or closer with the same preferences.
It is easier for people to approach each other after knowing the information.
Students can exchange their experiences in the study in different countries.
People can share their culture or pretty photos online; therefore, others can spread joy with them.
Thus I believe that social media sites are useful tools to help people know each other better.
However, social media site is a double-sided sword, they also bring in some negative effect on our daily life.
One of the disadvantages that many people are concerned about is that people lose interest in face-to-face communication.
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves, and they lose confidence when talking to each other.
Although not everyone is good at a public relationships, even without the existence of social media sites, we can not deny that it does affect some people in their ability of interpersonal skills.
In conclusion, the shadow always exists when there is light.
We should take advantage of the creatures we create and avoid the adverse effects.
Social media sites are supposed to be handy and convenient tool to use and bring people to get closer to this globalized world.
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways of communicating with one another.
Online friends became real-life friends, and real-life friends communicate online.
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interpersonal relationships profoundly.
There are advantages and disadvantages to this change.
Social media has reshaped the way of communication.
In real life, we communicate with one another as equal participants.
We share ideas and stories and forge a friendship based on mutual respect.
However, communication on social media is primarily based on " broadcasting and listening. "
When we use Facebook and post pictures and statuses, we are actively " presenting " fa ç ades of our lives in front of others.
We tend to post pictures with the best looks and funny statuses.
We broadcast these facades of us to others.
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered.
The audience is not some specific person but everyone we might know or even the entire world.
There is an element of seeking attention rather than expressing one's genuine opinion on social networks.
On the other hand, the viewers are not the listeners.
They are just scrolling down pages of pictures and statuses and see one of them, which they might think is funny.
It is not the broadcasters themselves that they care about, but the content.
This type of communication does not help forge interpersonal relationships.
In real life, establishing friendship requires an all-rounded understanding of one another and caring for one another.
The latter requires face-to-face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other.
One can not truly understand a person by only stalking their Facebook page, where they carefully choose what to present.
One can not truly show their emotions to another by texting some = ) signs.
The broadcasting and viewing model is not suitable for forging relationships.
However, it is suitable for sharing information.
On social media, everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer.
With my social network account, I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore; because I can easily read them from my friends' status.
If I am interested in politics, I can follow some political newspapers or public figures.
I get news about sales, clothes, and cosmetics from my friends.
If some of my friends have a horrible taste in clothes and they post them often, I can block them off.
Information got circulated.
The most popular information gets circulated, so I seldom miss it.
Social network plays a role in providing and also filtering information.
This saves much time for me reading newspapers and watching TV.
I feel more at ease on social media.
From the above two points of view, I think social media could forge more interest-based friendships.
With the help of social media, I become real-life friends with those from online forums whom I share the same interest.
I also discover some of my friends' interests which I find in common with myself, so that talking to one another is much more about life, study, friends, etc.
Communication does not focus on how we feel or what to say to each other, but whatever is interesting or the content.
In this case, interpersonal skill is not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody but to get the information we are both interested in.
In conclusion, social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friendship that requires sharing and caring between friends to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest.
There are advantages and disadvantages in itself; however, we are still not sure whether it is good or bad.
It is just different.
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life
People who are living in the modern world really can not live without the social media sites like Twitter and Facebook.
Almost all students and young adults possess a Facebook or Twitter account.
Social media indeed makes people connect with one another more conveniently.
However, it seems that, especially for some of those, sharing some parts of their lives, such as videos and photos, on social media sites has become really necessary.
A fascinating and ironic phenomenon was discovered: a group of friends met and sat around one table. However, none of them were chatting with one another.
Instead, they were more interested in posting pictures of this " cheerful " meeting on their social media sites.
Therefore, there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to communicate.
People used to write letters and send postcards to keep in touch with ones who lived far away from them in the past.
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages.
Nowadays, people need to just type in front of the computer in their rooms.
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message.
Distance and time are no longer the problems, which is convenient, especially when instant chat is needed.
However, when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them, their face-to-face interpersonal skills are lost.
Social media provides people with a way of talking and chatting, which can never be considered  communication.
When ones chat on those media sites, there is no eye connection, no emotional delivery, and even the expressions are typed in by using some combinations of punctuation.
For more convenience, sentences are shortened to simply three or four words, such as lol ( which means laugh intensively ) and " asap " ( which means as soon as possible ).
People indeed go to great lengths to make their words as shorter as they can. While once they are communicating with people to their faces, expressing themselves appropriately becomes a big problem.
Social media also provides people with huge brunch information about people and things that they are interested.
For example, it is exciting to follow people you adore on Twitter, like famous movie and series stars, business men and entrepreneurs.
It makes people feel extremely close to their admirers' lives and works.
Updated news people care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smartphones and laptops almost every time at any time.
However, after one has registered on those social media sites which are unreliable, all the information onehas filled in will be a weapon against you in the future.
Furthermore, not everyone on social media sites is honest.
The profile picture may not be the person that user says they really are.
The reason might be that they want to " decorate " their face.
But there is the possibility that the person on the other side is deceiving you to obtain your information against you.
No pledge of authenticity risks people's information and privacy that are shared on social media sites.
To summarize, social media has advantages and disadvantages in people's daily lives.
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes instant communication possible.
And it becomes more convenient to obtain and update information through social media.
On the contrary, social media makes people lose their ability to communicate effectively in real life and makes people risk exposing their privacy to those whose identities can not be verified on social media sites.
How do social media help change our lives?
With the development of technology, social media has become a more and more significant role in the whole world.
Everyone can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a log of other stuff which helps their friends know their lives better.
However, it also raised concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster.
Although it helps connect us with our friends wherever we are, it simultaneously reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face, which may affect our interpersonal skills.
Thus, whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tricky question for every human.
Many people say they will support social media since it helps them to have a closer view of how their friends are going in other parts of the world.
This is mainly to people who are overseas.
To them, social media is the only resource they can approach to know everything that happened in their home country and how they can show their lives to their lovers as well.
Moreover, these days, social media plays a vital role in spreading information.
Nowadays, people can just easily put their rental information on their Facebook account and wait for the response from others from different parts of the world, which brings us a tremendous amount of convenience.
It is pretty significant, especially for those young teenagers, since they would instead go to these sites to see the news and know what is happening in this world than read the newspaper every day.
However, there are also a significant number of people who are against this technology.
They worry a lot about the harmful effect on teenagers still developing themselves.
They pointed out that social media reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face-to-face.
The more we care about Facebook, the less time we spend with our friends.
Nowadays, it is pretty common to see thatat some parties, and people would prefer to look at their phones and read all the posts on Facebook if they feel bored.
It makes people worry since if all teenagers use social media frequently, they will decrease their ability to talk to people.
They will find it challenging to find any topics to communicate with other people.
I strongly agree that social media brings more disadvantages than the advantages it gives us.
Although it is useful when we need to use it to let other people know we live a good life, it wastes much time as well.
Think in another way: if we spend the time we spend wandering those sites, we may already finish one book or do other more meaningful things.
We should keep in mind that there are still ways to contact our family or friends.
Everything will be wrong if we don't know how to use them wisely, whether it is good or not.
As a result, people need to know that we need to be cautious about our time on social media.
As stated above, I firmly believe that  we will all live better life if we can use social media wisely rather than abusing it.
The advantage and disadvantages of social media
Nowadays, as technology is becoming increasingly advanced, more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily life.
You can see people playing Facebook and Twitter on their smartphones or iPad on buses or trains.
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face.
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society.
First, social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other.
Years ago, when these modern products were not popular, the way for people to communicate or contact people far away is still restricted to making phone calls, sending emails, or writing letters.
Some will take a long time, and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response.
However, social media solves these problems well.
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their replies very fast.
Communication is also not limited to words.
People can express themselves through pictures or emotions.
People can also get to know their friends' state and moods by looking at their online posts.
Moreover, people can be aware of what is happening in a social situation, see the comments online, and share their opinions on these websites.
Social media makes people's life much more colorful and provide much fun.
However, social media may do some harm to people's life.
It will make people spend more time chatting on the internet rather than communicating face to face, so the interpersonal skill will be badly affected.
Some people spend much time in it and forget their real life.
I have seen some people who are very funny and exciting when I am chatting with them online.
However, they behave pretty dull when I talk to them in real life.
Teenagers develop their interpersonal and social skills when they grow up.
If they spend too much time on these social media, it may cause some problems in their mental development.
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with people face to face.
Some may share less and less time with their family and not know how to express themselves.
Moreover, some wrong website values will confuse teenagers and confuse them.
Some may even do something wrong.
In conclusion, social media sites’ showing up is a double-edged sword.
It can make our life simpler.
People can promote their friendship and relationship through social media. Whereas it can also make people forget to communicate with their family and friends in real life and negatively affect their interpersonal skills. Whereas it can also make people forget to communicate with their family and friends in real life and negatively affect their interpersonal skills.
But overall, the advantages far outweigh its disadvantage.
So we need to make the best use of these social media and make it fun to add some excitement when life is boring and try to bypass the shortcomings.
Remember to send greetings to our friends and family frequently.
Nowadays, with the advancement of technology, it is easy to communicate wherever you are.
The appearance of social media sites truly connects people closely.
People can know their friends' recent looks and interesting things happening on that people just by checking their Facebook or other social media sites.
We can not deny that social media sites genuinely make old friends not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even if you are in a different country.
However, social media sites genuinely reduce face-to-face communication, which indeedaffects interpersonal skills.
There are two advantages and disadvantages of using social media in people's daily lives.
Firstly, social media sites can connect people with their friends and parents closely.
By typing the words and showing the pictures, people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express.
For example, on mother's day, people are shy to say " I love you " to their mothers so they can type it on their mother's Facebook page.
Then their mother will also know the emotion and feel warm.
On the other hand, when teenager is studying in a foreign country, the internet is the only way to communicate with their parents and friends.
Therefore, social media is perfect for people.
Secondly, social media sites can not only connect people with their friends closely. People can also learn much information about the celebrity on Twitter and Facebook, such as Obama and Bill Gates, and get first-hand study materials on it.
They can learn how these people succeed, and they can also have the chance to talk with them and learn these famous persons' thoughts through social media.
On the other hand, with the help of social media, some homeless people or someone who needs money to cure a disease can get help from the world quickly because once one person knows the information, he or she will share it with their " friends area, "then many people will know it and spread the information to the person who can give help.
On the other hand, there are also problems with the social media population.
Firstly, when people rely on social media to communicate with their friends and parents, they will become accustomed to communicating by typing and not talking.
People even prefer to talk to their friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication.
Therefore, social media truly limit interpersonal skills, such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relationships between themselves and their friends.
Secondly, without the true communication in real life, people lose the ability to see the truth and false.
There are many people on social media with a beautiful images and good content on their pages; however, in real life,  they may not have jobs or live poorly.
Teenagers may believe these people and easily cheat and lose money, even their safety.
Therefore, social media is not safe, which is terrible for teenagers' future development.
All in all, the appearance of social media truly helps people a lot in many areas.
However, their exist some disadvantages which will affect people to some degree.
Advantages and Disadvantages of Using Social Media in Our Daily life and Society.
Nowadays, with the development of technology and society, social media has become more popular and even crucial in our daily life.
We communicate with others using social media, such as Twitter, Facebook, and microblogging more and more frequently.
There is no need for people to go out of their homes to interact with others. They chat online, share pictures, and tell others what they have done or funny stories.
It seems that people build good relationships with others through social media, but problems come out.
People do not know how to talk with others face to face, especially strangers.
Then, we need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your daily life and society.
As for the advantages, there are two aspects: more convenient to contact others, and it is easier to know about others.
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others via social media.
In the old days, if one wanted to tell some vital news to another one, who lived far away, he needed to write letters, and it wasted time.
The long-distance and time-consuming made spreading the messages very difficult at that time.
Therefore, people may not contact faraway friends and relatives unless there issomething important.
However, people can contact anyone all over the world who can use a computer at any time, and there is no time delay for messages.
The other advantage is that social media makes it is easier to know about others.
If there are no social media, it is difficult for people to know about a stranger.
They may collect information about that person by asking his friends, colleagues, or family members.
And the information collected may not be intact and valid.
Unlike today, with the help of social media, people can quickly get the information they want just by searching online, and know what that person does every day and at what time.
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life, wasting time, causing illnesses related to sitting a long time before the computer, quick spread of rumors and fake news, and most importantly, making people to lose the ability to talk to others face to face confidently.
Weirdly, people sit around the table, but all face their phones and do not talk with each other.
If there is a joke on their Facebook page, they may talk to others in this way, " hi, look, how ridiculous this is, "then they laugh together.
Whether it is a party, dinner, or just simply a get-together, some people always bow their heads and play their phones. Even their family and friends are in front of them.
In conclusion, there are both advantages and disadvantages to using social media in daily life.
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while being aware of the disadvantages of that and try their best to avoid the disadvantages happening to them and their friends and family.
Today is considered to be the era of social media sites like Facebook and Twitter, which attractively connect people around the world.
However, some worry that social networks can affect interpersonal skills as they reduce face-to-face human contact.
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in society are elaborated on as follows.
Nobody can deny social media's advantages as the benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationalities, race, culture, and language.
Social media is a trending channel and a suitable means of communication.
Firstly, social media brings convenience to the world.
It has erased the boundaries of distance and time.
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages.
Nowadays, thanks to the help of social media, with just one click, you can contact your family and friends wherever you want.
You can share photos, videos, and every meaningful experience of your life.
More importantly, it is cheap and easy to use social media.
Secondly, social media network opens the door of opportunities for people due to their great benefit in connecting.
A lot of fresh graduates can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter.
Young people can widen their relationships, meet new friends and learn beautiful things in many parts of the world.
In the business areas, social media is an excellent tool to develop and advertise products and services.
On the other hand, social media also has disadvantages that have recently created worries in society and made it a controversial phenomenon.
More and more young people tend to live in the social media world most of the time and reduce face-to-face human contact, which can affect interpersonal skills and relationships in social life.
First and foremost, we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy and honest.
Everyone can easily make up the personality and characteristics they want.
They can become anyone.
Though social media do create relationships, relationships and friendships are only firm and absolute if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction.
There is a story of a girl who has lived in the social media world every night for eight years.
In the chat room, she created a close relationship with eight people.
She talked with them every night, trusted them, and shared her life.
Then eventually, she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time.
Furthermore, the convenience of social media is also its weakness.
Many people use their accurate information on social media sites, which can lead to crimes and deception.
People can use the information to deceive family and friends and banks to do bad things such as blackmail, ATM theft, and so on.
Last but not least, social media affects human interpersonal skills when people increase their time on social sites and reject chances to be exposed to daily social life activities and interacting with people.
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites, the less they become ambitious.
As a result, if the situation continues in this unexpected trend, it will have a harmful effect on the young generation.
To put it in a nutshell, everything has its pros and cons.
So does social media network.
It is not only convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing the business, but it can also damage people's relationships and interpersonal skills.
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it correctly and suitably with the combination of social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people's potential to the fullest.