Hence, they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to take some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease.
However, it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases, given in the context of current medical technology.
For example, breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is realised in the early stage.
Hence, with the knowledge of having genetic risk, the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up, which might save them in realising it at an earlier stage.
In conclusion, it will be considerate to inform relatives about the risk of getting the same genetic disease.
Although there may be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention, such as financial issues, everyone should be given the rights of knowing their family's inherent medical conditions.
However, some think that it might be better for those who are unaware of it and will continue leading a happy life.
In addition, some may think that even knowing that you have a genetic risk of the disease will just adding on to their misery because there is nothing that they can do about it.
In general, it depends on the individual and also the nature of the disease, but he or she should be obligated to inform relatives if there are possibilities to cure or preventing it.
Genectic testing is a personal decision, with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier or not.
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing, even if there is no risk at all.
Early preexamination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected.
For a genetic risk carrier, there should be a choice given with regard to informing his/her relatives.
Not forcing or forcing anyone to do so should not be allowed, as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier.
With regard to this choice given, there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making.
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child, then most likely the decision to inform the relative should be made with the consideration of the parents or legal guardian.
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or may be unaware of the consequences of such a genetic disorder due to their young age.
Furthermore, the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family.
Thus, much thought should be put on the immediate family as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself.
Some family may feel hurt, with regard to their family pride or reputation, to have the knowledge of such genetic disorder runs in their family.
The importance of informing relatives of this genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevent the genetic disorder.
In addition, this known information will help their relatives make informed decisions and similarly undergo genetic testingto find out the outcome.
Thus, having the knowledge that such genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial for their emotinal thoughts.
And if the results turn out to be otherwise, then the family can be emotionally and psychologically prepared for the future outcome and aid them make future decisions.
In addition, the genetic risk carrier would receive moral and emotional support from his relatives if it is been made known to them.
On the other hand, others may think that it will be considerate to tell relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency to get the same genetic risk.
However, there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform your relatives since it is a genetic disorder.
There may be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other family within the same family tree.
Of course, he or she will think of not having any children after getting married, and the same thought goes to the cousins as well.
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem, they could have a full check-up for themselves, and it would be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves.
In my opinion, as long as we keep our mind healthy and strong, we can fight any disease as it comes to us when we are fragile and weak.
It could be better for him or her this way.
As the case of health issue is related to genetic risk, with keyword on “genetic”, which highlights the risk of passing down the disorder to the next generation.
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more care for the carrier of a known genetic risk.
The benefits of doing so can outweigh its disadvantages.
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk of a disorder.
This is common law in the society.
Thus, we are going to identify the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is "should or should not".
The severity may be larger than our imagination.
A known genetic risk can also critically affect our next generation.
Therefore, it is our responsibility to inform relatives to prevent the occurrence of unwanted consequences.
It is the ethic of hospital staff to keep the secret of any patient.
Or, they can choose to remain silent until the next carrier is diagnosed.
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carriers, they can go to a doctor to consult about it.
So, they also have to prepare mentally.
Albinism is one of the examples.
Once you have cancer, the medication cost is very expensive.
One of the diseases is the sickle cell trait.
The medical authorities claimed that only the person who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic tests.
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this.
