Genetic risk refers more to your chance of inheriting a disorder or disease.
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes.
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease, it is still possible that you develop heart disease.
However, for some rare diseases, people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease.
When we are diagonosed out with certain genetic diseases, are we supposed to disclose this result to our relatives?
On one hand, we do not want this potential danger causing firghtenning affects in our families' later lives.
When people around us know that we got a certain disease, their altitudes will be easily changed, whether we care too much or keep away from us.
And both are not what we want since most of us just wants to live as normal people.
Surrounded by such concerns, it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems.
It is a concern that will be with us during our whole life because we will never know when the "potential bomb" will explode.
On the other hand, if there are ways that can help us to control or cure the disease, we can go through ths process from the scope of the whole family.
For example, if exercising is helpful for a family potential disease, we can always look for more chances for the family to do exercise.
We also keep track of all family members health conditions.
At the same time, we are prepared to know when there are other members have got this disease.
Here I want to share Forest'view on this issue.
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings, there is currently no legal requirement to do so.
In fact, requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are therefore also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious.
Nothing is absolute right or wrong.
If a certain disease genetic test is very accurate and it is unavoidable and necessary to get treatment and is known by others, it is OK to disclose the result.
Above all, life is more important than secret.
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle.
After all, what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families have a common genetic make up, shared by either of the parents.
In cases where an individual has got to know of a genetic disorder, disclosing or otherwise, to his or her relative is solely a matter of preference within the indivdial moral system.
The issue of the right to know or not to know is highly debatable although it is a genetic risk, one can not be entirely sure because the genetic information could result from the families of either parent - his maternal and paternal uncles, aunts or cousin.
This also means that as soon as a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile, he or she concurently has knowledge about others.
This knowledge may be related to them, and vice versa.
Do those who suffer from this disease keep it a secret from their relatives?
In retrospect, it are also ones duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks on their own.
Sometimes, some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication.
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from the following: the son or daughter for example, the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and who takes the precedence in being 'allowed to tell.
For example, within a family, regardless of who had first received genetic information, parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring, either adult at risk.
In addition, a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself, although this may be further complicated by an individual's response to risk information as they do not want to know.
Hence, there were also tensions if participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know (such as nieces and nephews) nor persuade those with authority (the parents) to do so.
The notion of authority also extended 'vertically'.
From a practitioner's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct, they may not be in line with geneticists' views of family relationships, or about which blood (or non-blood) relatives should be informed and by whom; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context.
Ultimately, one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk of making considered decisions about disclosure.
Whose duty it is to inform at-risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal morals and the nature of how 'directive' the risk is to them.
People with a close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes.
In this case, if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry genetic risk, it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that his/her family members are able to perform some daily excesses to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the corresponging flows.
In my opinion, although the annouance of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self-privacy, it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to disclose the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease.
First, focus on the negative side of the annouance of genetic risk.
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance of carrying certain diseases.
Especially for the young people without marrige, if he/she is known to have some genetic risk, it may have a certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease, but not for certain.
Therefore, to keep the information secret from his/her future spouse would help the relationship.
Secondly, annouance the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue, although the factor would not be that serious, people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future thus go to hospital and do additional check or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease, and this creats unnecessary costs to the family.
Furthermore, the annouance of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance of getting the potential disease.
On the other hand, if the genetic risk is kept a secret, although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help to keep the privacy, it has much larger negative impacts on the family members and relatives.
First, for the case of marrige, people should be honest and tell their spouce that they may carry certain genetic risks that may affect their offsprings.
It is better to let the other party know the fact than after the baby is born and a certain type of genetic disease is found.
Secondly, genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene together with their daily habits.
