Keeping the Secret of Genetic Testing
What is genetic risk? 
Genetic risk refers to your chance of inherited a disease or condition.
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes.
How much a genetic change tells us about your chance of developing a disease is not always clear.
If your genetic results indicate that you have gene changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease, it does not mean that you will definitely develop heart disease.
The opposite is also true. . .
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease, it is still possible that you develop heart disease.
However, for some rare diseases, people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease.
When we are diagnosed with a certain genetic disease, are we supposed to disclose this result to our relatives?
My answer is no. . .
On one hand, we do not want this potential danger causing costly effects in our families' lives later.
When people around us know that we got a certain disease, their attitude will be changed, whether they are caring too much or keeping away from us.
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people.
Surrounded by such concerns, it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems.
It is a concern that will be with us throughout our lives, because we will never know when the "potential bomb" will explode.
On the other hand, if there are ways that can help us control or cure the disease, we can go through these processes from the perspective of the whole family.
For example, if exercising is helpful for the family, we can always look for more opportunities for the family to exercise.
And we keep track of all family health conditions.
At the same time, we are prepared to know when there are other members got this disease.
Here I want to share Forest's view on this issue.
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings, there is currently no legal requirement to do so.
In fact, requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious.
No one is absolute right or wrong.
If a certain disease has a genetic test that is very accurate and is necessary to get the treatment, it is OK to disclose the result.
Above all, life is more important than the secret.
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle.
After all, what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common genetic make up, shared by either of the parents.
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disease, disclosing it to his or her relative is a matter of preference within the individual's moral system.
The issue of whether one has the right to know or not is highly debatable, although it is a genetic risk, and one can not be entirely sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - either maternal and paternal uncles, aunts or cousins.
This also means that as soon as a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile, he or she has a contemporaneous knowledge about others.
This knowledge may be relevant to them, and vice versa.
An example that may serve as an illustration is breast cancer.
It's hereditary.
Do those who suffer from this disease keep it a secret from their relatives?
In retrospect, it is also one's responsibility to ensure that he or she undergoes periodic health check-ups.
Sometimes some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication.
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from: the son or daughter for example, the parents who knows about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed' to tell.
For example, within a family, regardless of who has first received genetic information, parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring, either adult or at risk.
In addition, a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself, although this may be further complicated by an individual's response to risk information as they do not want to know.
Hence, there were also tensions if the participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know (such as nieces and nephews) nor persuade those with authority (the parents) to do so.
The notion of authority is also extended 'vertically'.
For example, a grandmother may have more authority to pass on information than an aunt, even when she is not at genetic risk herself while the aunt is.
From a practitioner's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists' views of family relationships, or about which blood (or non-blood) relatives should be informed and by whom; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context.
Ultimately, one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure.
Whose duty it is to inform relatives of a risky behaviour or not depends greatly on the personal moral and the nature of the 'direction' of the risk to them.
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes.
In this case, if one of the family members or close relatives is found to carry a genetic risk, it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that his/her family members are able to perform some daily tests to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the corresponding signs.
In my opinion, although the implication of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self-identity, it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease.
I agree with this statement to a large extent.
Focus on the negative side of the identification of risk factors.
Many large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance to carry certain diseases.
Especially for the young people without marriage, if he/she is known to have some genetic risk, it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease, but not in certain.
Therefore, keeping the information secret would help the relationship.
Secondly, the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue, although the factor would not be that serious, people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future and thus go to hospital and do additional check up or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease, and this creates unnecessary costs to the family.
Furthermore, the occurrence of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease.
On the other hand, if the genetic risk is kept as a secret, although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help keep the privacy, but it has much larger negative impacts to the family members and relatives.
First, for the case of marriage, people should be truthful and tell their partners they may carry certain genetic risks that may affect their offspring.
It is better to let the other party know than to let the baby be born with a certain type of genetic disease.
It is better for both parties to be honest.
Secondly, genetic disease has a close relationship with the born gene and with their daily habits.
For example, if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk of developing diabetes, he/ she will probably not have the disease.
In this case, the carrier can eat less candy and chocolates to prevent the intake of too much sugar, and at the same time, if the carrier tells this information to the relatives, it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease.
Otherwise, if the other parties did not know, they may end up with a disease in the future without any preventive measures.
In conclusion, we could tell that the benefits of telling the genetic risk to the relatives exceeds the costs.
Therefore, it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives, in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercise.
Among all the different kinds of diseases, a large amount of different disorders are caused by genetic reasons.
Genetic disorders may or may not be hereditary diseases and it is sometimes hard to find out if one has these kinds of diseases.
It is a long-term discussion that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by that gene.
From the legal aspect, the answer is no, but from the ethical aspect, it should be yes.
We cannot make a law to force a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about this genetic problem.
It is immoral and impractical.
Firstly, someone has to know what kind of disease he or she has.
Privacy is a human right.
If a law requires someone to tell others' private information, especially when he or she is not willing to do so, it is against the law and against the law's spirit.
The law's spirit also includes fairness.
What is the basic difference between a genetic disease and other disorders?
It is unfair to release a law only to point out the genetic disorder.
In addition, it is impractical to make such a law.
A good law should be clear and easy to implement.
However, there are many problems with the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her relatives the cause of his or her diseases.
Firstly, what is the range of the relatives?
For example, does the carrier need to tell only his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother's sister's son's daughter's nephew?
If you say you need to tell only direct relatives, it will be against the fairness of the law.
Other relatives may have the same possibility to have such kind of disease.
How can a law be made by the government to exclude such a group of people from preparing to face their potential disease?
However, from the ethical point of view, to the carrier himself or herself, he or she should have a feeling of responsibility to tell his or her relatives their genetic disease.
By doing this, they may be able to save some of their lives.
It is because a carrier with a bad gene may not necessarily have the disease, if they can have a corresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene's function becomes stronger.
A typical example is genetically caused hypertension.
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make it harder for the carrier to digest the salt and blood that can cause it.
People usually get this kind of hysteria after they become adults.
However, if they already know that they have a gene that may make them have a higher chance of getting hypertension, they can develop a daily habit of eating less salt and more fat to avoid getting this disease.
In a nutshell, our society cannot push a genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives, but he or she should be willing to tell his/her relatives about his or her genetic problem.
By doing so, less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem.
In the era of fast technological advancement, a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible.
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one's decision to undergo.
It is able to detect the illnesses or diseases and even the child's parents.
However, it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives.
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives, there might have chances for them to have it in their blood, which they may do necessary precautions to prevent.
But, if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease, most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having the knowledge about it.
Therefore, some car manufacturers will have the opinion of keeping it as a secret.
This essay will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not.
Some said that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a personal information which should be kept confidential.
Most patients will be depressed after realising their conditions.
If one has a genetic disease, after the test, he or she might not wish to inform the relatives as he might ended up disheartening his extended family.
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring any pessimism into their family.
Furthermore, some will not wish to become a burden to anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively cheap.
Hence, some see it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in check.
On the other hand, others may think that it will be considerate to tell the relatives because the latter will have a higher tendency of getting the same genetic risk.
Hence, they will be able to seek help from medical specialists to find a cure or to do some measures to prevent the risk of getting the disease.
Nevertheless, it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases, given in the context of current medical technology, are.
For example, breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage.
Hence, with the knowledge of having a genetic risk, the relatives of this genetic disease will do a medical check-up, which might save them in realising it at a earlier stage.
In conclusion, it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives.
Although there might be a lot of challenges along the way in seeking medical attention, such as financial issues, everyone should be given the right to know their family's medical conditions.
However, some think that it might be better for those who are ignorant about it and will continue leading a happy life.
In addition, some may think that even knowing about having genetic risk of disease, it will just adding on to their misery as there is nothing that they can do about it.
All-in-all, it depends on the individual and also on the nature of the disease, but he or she should be obligated to inform the relatives if there are possibilities in curing or preventing it.
Genetic testing is a personal decision, with the knowledge that there is a possibility that one could be a carrier or not.
Those who are born into a family with a history of genetic disease should be allowed to undergo genetic testing, even though there is no risk at all.
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected.
For a genetic risk carrier, there should be no choice but to inform his/her relatives.
There should not be forced or oblivious to do so, as it may negatively and drastically affect the emotions of the genetic risk carrier.
With regard to this choice given, there must be some rules to regulate and exercise personal freedom of decision making.
If the genetic risk carrier is a minor or a child, then most likely the decision of informing the relative should be made with the consideration of the patients parents or legal guardian.
Such patients are still very emotional and may be unaware of the consequences of such a genetic disease due to their young age.
Furthermore, the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family.
Thus, much thought needs to be put into the immediate family as it could cause a lot of unplanned events for the patient or family members.
Some families may feel hurt, or angry, when they learn that their family member has a genetic disease.
However, there is a role and a sense of responsibility to inform their relatives since it is a genetic disease.
There might be a possibility that the genetic disorder could also affect their relatives and any other families within the same family tree.
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic diseases is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevent the genetic disease.
Also, this known information will help their relatives to make informed decisions and to also undergo genetic testing to find out about the outcome.
Thus, having knowledge that such a genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial toward their emotional thoughts.
And if the results turn out to be otherwise, then the family can be prepared emotionally and psychologically for the future outcome and aid them in making upcoming decisions.
In addition, the genetic risk carrier would be shown with moral and emotional support from their relatives if it is been made known to them.
Having support from relatives is vital as they ensure the genetic risk carrier that he/she is not alone in facing this illness and it will certainly provide a morale boost as the whole family will share a common sentiment with regards towards the future prospect of the genetic disease which could be inherited by anyone in the family.
Therefore, the decision to inform relatives of such a genetic disorder will be dependent of the situation and background of the affected family, with the liberty of choice given to them in making the decision of informing others.
A person with a mental disorder, regardless of whether or not it is physical, is always easy to be aware of by his or her family.
When things come to genetic issues, it is not that simple anymore.
Genetic disease is inherited by generation, but not all offspring show the relevant symptoms.
Sometimes a family with a potential genetic disorder may not be able to detect the potential harm inside their bodies as none of their members reflect any observable disorder symptoms.
As a result, in the case that one of the members happens to feel uncomfortable or unnormal, he or she should be aware that whether the disorder in his or her body is a genetic risk or not.
Afterward, the carrier will face a serious ethical issue, which is to disclose the problem to his or her relatives or not.
If the disease symptom reflects on a kid, the parent will be informed by the doctors for sure, then the whole family will stay alert to their body's condition.
On the contrary, if the carrier is an adult, who has his own choice to choose whether to inform his or her relatives about the risk, that will be more complex.
One may think that if the carrier is a caring person who loves his or her family more than himself, there is no doubt that he or she will tell his or her families about the issue.
That is true and of course it is the obligation of a family member to protect and take care of the family.
Think of the other way, if a child of the family knows that he has the risk to become a genetic risk carrier, and the risk might as well be given to his child in the future, his whole life will be in a dilema.
And of course, he or she will think of not having any children after getting married, and the same thought goes to the cousins as well.
As a result, the family generation stops at the moment the adult carrier announces his issue.
In China, the older generation with traditional culture will always think of having more children as well as grandchildren, to make the family live up and stronger.
The reason is that after the war, the population of China decreased drastically, and the government tries to encourage people to have more babies.
During that period, if one of the family members reflects genetic disorders, he will feel himself in an ethical dilemma for sure.
The medical treatment technology during that time was not advanced enough to completely cure him.
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperous with a potential risk.
And so, he would not have chosen to undergo general testing and let the truth be known for ever.
This kind of ethical issues can not be judged by the others because they will not understand the position and duties of the carrier in the family.
In conclusion, people should think carefully about what is the consequences of telling relatives about this general disorder.
It is an obligation for a carrier to inform his relatives, but also an obligation for the family member to live up the family.
Nevertheless, if the disease is likely to be fatal, or if it does not cause any inconvenience to the carrier, revealing the truth is always the right thing to do.
In my opinion, the carrier should tell his or her relatives about it.
One of the reasons is because as a carrier, she or he needs a mental support to go through with this situation.
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on its own.
By telling her family other than being a support, they could possibly help her to get alternative solutions to the problem that she is facing right now.
Other than that, I believe that the strong bond we have with our family is the most important support to the carrier.
Furthermore, as it is a genetic problem, it will be better for the carrier to inform his or her family as other family members might experience the same thing.
By making sure that they are aware of this genetic problem, they could have a full check-up for themselves and it will be better if they could even prevent it from happening to themselves.
I find that it is important to inform especially if it is contagious, the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to the society.
For every action, there are always pros and cons.
I believe that some of the carrier's will choose not to disclose their disease to their family members, as they do not want to make their family members feel awkward or ostracized by them.
Furthermore, as it could incur a lot of money for the treatment, the carrier might not want to be the burden on her family.
I could understand the feeling of being isolated.
He or she does not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family.
However, we will never know whether this negative effect will happen when the carrier decides to tell his or her family of his or her condition.
In conclusion, I personally feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue.
The carrier should be honest with his or her feelings and I find that it is the right of the family member to know what is going on in his or her life.
If something goes wrong in the carrier's life, without the family members knowing about it, it could make a huge mistake in their life.
On top of that, it is better to think about solutions for her problem with the family members as there are more heads to think about it rather than thinking about it alone and struggling on your own.
In the end, I believe that the support in terms of mental health or even financial support from your family could help the carrier to fight the genetic disease.
There are a lot of cancer patients who were given a second chance to live as normal people because they have a strong mental support from their loved ones.
In my opinion, as long as we keep our minds healthy and strong, we can fight any disease that comes to us when we are fragile and weak.
As the technology has been advancing, it has reached a stage whereby the advancement triggers some ethical dilemmas in relation to the actual use of the technology.
Genetic testing has been made possible - it has become easy to tell if one is a carrier of a known genetic risk factor through genetic testing.
If used for a good purpose, it can prevent unnecessary unhappiness, however, it could also make the situation worse by revealing who the carrier is, in the family.
The question given is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives, and I think that the carrier should not be urged to do so because I believe that he or she has no right to know.
Firstly, genetic testing is not something that is compulsory.
Of course, some people may do it to make their futures somewhat happier, but the carrier, before the testing, can not choose to go for the test and simply live with unknowns and accept the facts.
If he chooses to live in the uncertainty that the gene has held and be willing to accept it, he could do that, and it has been something that is 'normal' to everyone in the past as long as genetic testing was not possible.
It could be better for him or her this way.
Some people might say that it is a form of prevention of giving birth to disabilities and making them suffer in real life.
I personally think this is the right purpose of going through the genetic testing, so that a family who can not afford to have a disabled kid do not have to give birth to their child and make the entire family suffer.
However, I believe that the carrier has not the right to obligate anyone but has the responsibility to take an action to prevent any ethical dilemma.
If the result turned out to be something that the carrier cannot accept, then it would have been better not to know at all.
I believe that even the carrier has no right to know the true facts.
After realizing that he or she is the carrier, the emotional damage would be hard to bear.
It could possibly cause a problem in a family due to the fact that it creates more unhappiness in the family.
In general, I believe that it is entirely up to the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives, but he has no obligation to do so.
In fact, I strongly think that the carrier should weigh both the positive and negative consequences of taking the genetic testing and take an appropriate action to the results.
The emotional depressed that the carrier might get and the sense of guilt can be more than expected and could be a burden in mind for the rest of the life.
On the other hand, without knowing any genetic disease and accepting the fact, the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the disability.
I think the family will stay as healthy as it is, without having to worry about emotional stress.
Debates have been around for years, that should a carrier for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives.
Any individual at risk of a disease has the right to undergo genetic testing, but whether the results should be reported to others, especially close family or relatives, is the topic that is worth discussing.
This is an issue that needs to be addressed as a family-related ethical dilemma is involved.
In this essay, few arguments will be pointed out in support of the view that any carrier of a known genetic risk factor should tell his or her relatives.
When we were born, we were surrounded by our family and relatives, with them welcoming us to this new world.
We were crying a lot, but we are not alone, it's our family and relatives that grow us up.
Hence, they should be the people who are grateful for the people and the people who would like to share the joy together.
However, in the case relating to any health issue or to the extent of serious disorder, it may seem no point of sharing but this involves more than just sharing of bad news.
One definitely has the right to disclose his or her health issues to anyone, but it's also one's responsibility to inform the family and close relatives.
As the case of health issues is related to genetic risk, with the keyword "genetic" which highlights the risk of transmitting the disease to the next generation, therefore, I would agree that it's obligated for a carrier of known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives to avoid any family-related ethical dilemma that could be raised up in the future.
Despite one may argue that it's still up to the individual to disclose such health issues or to bear it within himself/herself, it's certainly helpful to share with close relatives, for a proper discussion of solutions.
By doing so, one will feel less stressful about facing such a risky situation.
Relatives will certainly be supportive and show more caring towards the carrier of a known genetic risk.
By informing them, the carrier is never alone in the fight against such dangerous diseases.
On top of that, as the genetic risk may pass down to the next generation, it will involve more than just one family.
It is therefore necessary for me to agree with the obligation of telling the relatives of both parties when one is about to get married and have a plan for giving birth.
This would avoid the rise of more family-related ethical dilemmas.
There are more intangible advantages that could support the statement of informing the relatives once the results are known after the test is conducted.
In conclusion, in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma, it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives.
The benefits of doing so are able to outweigh its disadvantages.
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing on such a junction whether one should help him/her to inform the relatives.
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disease.
This is the common law in the society.
However, it leads to a new problem that "should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives?" This issue has been discussed for a long time.
However, there is still a diversity of point of views among people.
Thus, we are going to identifiy the advantages and disadvantages of the issue which is " should or should not ".
Firstly, I believe most of us will agree with the following sentences: "I will be anxious about my family when he or she tells me that he or her is a carrier of a known genetic risk" .
Frequently, the intention of the carrier does not want to tell their families that they are to continue their own life without the worry of their families.
It is obvious that there will be better for one person to be worried than for many.
However, many of the carriers are not strong enough to overcome the challenges oneself.
With the support of the families, there must be more energy to fight the demons.
The demon is not easily defeated and it requires a lot of energy and psychological support.
Family gives you the courage and support which you can not get by yourself.
That is the most essential element to overcome the challenges.
Besides that, the risk of the known genetic disease is very serious that it can not be described.
The seriousness can be larger than our imagination.
Lying on the bed for the remainder of life, and even dying immediately, are the consequences which we cannot imagine.
Families are the most important thing in our lives.
Without their support, we would not be able to stay on this path.
They play an important role in our lives, and they cannot be replaced.
A known genetic risk can also affect our next generation critically.
Therefore, it is our responsibility to tell the relatives to prevent the occurrence of undesired consequences.
Usually, the clinic or hospital will not tell the carrier's families without the agreement of the carrier.
It is the ethical policy of the hospital to keep the secret of any patients.
We cannot rely on them as being liable to the desired consequences.
However, the hospital can provide a doctor to advise the carrier about the action that can be taken.
Therefore, this kind of circumstances will not happen again and again.
It is a method that benefits two parties, which is a win-win situation.
In conclusion, a carrier of a known genetic risk is encouraged to tell his or her relatives about the known genetic risk.
However, there may be some special case that is hard to be defined.
Thus, the advice from the hospital plays an important role in this.
Carrier is responsible to balance his or her own interest and the benefits of family and society.
It is a hard decision to make, but with the most appropriate way, it will create great circumstances for the carrier and its families in the future.
With the risk of being genetically inherited, many individuals have made the decision to undergo genetic testing.
With the nature that the results will be known once the tests are done, each individual that is diagnosed to be a genetic risk carrier face an ethical problem: They should warn their relatives about the risk of being the same genetic risk carrier. Or they can choose to keep silence until the next carrier is diagnosed.
In the view of my point, a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives, with the support of the following reasons.
First of all, from the angle of human right, a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others.
This diagnosis can be regarded as a kind of privacy to carrier types.
They may do not want this truth to influence their lives or want to keep it a secret and do not let others know about it.
This is reasonable since the exposure of the truth of being a carrier may make them be discriminated or smothered by others which is not a positive factor brought to their life.
Secondly, the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the diagnosis of the carrier.
When people want to check whether they are genetic risk carrier, they can go and approach a doctor to consult about it.
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a hassle, they may just ignore the possibility.
However, if a diagnosed carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives, the relatives will be forced to know their higher chance of being genetic risk carrier.
This obeys their own will as in they have to accept the truth which may make their following life miserable.
Many people may argue that setting the obligation may help more people, who are the relatives of the carrier, save their lives with a larger opportunity because of the early diagnosis.
However, this is not exactly true when other factors, including psychological influence, social influence, are taken into consideration.
If one such relative is told that he or she may have a higher risk of getting sick, he/she may have been scared about the unknown life, partners, spouses and co-workers may choose to leave, and many other situations may happen which means the relative's life may be ruined.
On the other side, as stated above, a person who wants to confirm and has been prepared to face the result can choose to do the genetic testing individually.
In a nutshell, a carrier of a known genetic risk should have their own right to decide whether to tell their relatives or not.
This should be accepted from the point of view of human rights, freedom of choice of relatives as well as many other social reasons.
Otherwise, making it an obligation will restrict the choice of carriers and bring a lot of confusion to their relatives.
For a carrier of a genetic disease to know that he or she is a carrier, it causes more problems than just getting the disease.
I agree that a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives.
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be afraid to share their problems with genetic disease.
Firstly, the carrier and his or her family can take measures, both physical and mental, to reduce the chance of it being inherited to offspring, and, if necessary, to prevent it from being inherited.
Many syndromes such as Down Syndrome and Taylor Syndrome can be prevented to happen if the mother undergo proper medical treatment and do n't consume harmful goods during the pregnancy period.
This information may not be known by the mother if she does n't tell her relatives regarding her condition.
More people (relatives) know about this problem, more information is provided.
If all efforts have been made but the children still suffer from the syndrome then the family have to accept this fact and do whatever they can to bring a good environment for their children's growth.
This is not the parent's fault because there is still a chance of the gene being inherited.
So, they have to prepare mentally as well.
Secondly, genetic diseases cost a lot of money to treat and manage.
Albinism is one of the examples.
The people with albinism have sensitive skin and it needs regular treatment.
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigmentation, people with albinism are prone to sun burns and other skin diseases.
If they do n't treat their body well, such as by using sunglasses or wearing sunscreen in the outdoors, the chances are good that they will get skin problems that may also lead to cancer.
Once you suffer from cancer, the cost of the treatment is very expensive.
To prevent bigger problems from happening, it is important to take care of your body.
If the carrier does n't tell his or her relatives, it may be too late to get their support and prepare financially.
Thirdly, some diseases are not visible and may lead to serious health problems.
One of the diseases is sickle cell disease.
Usually people are not aware that they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to a variety of problems, such as blood clots or blood sludge.
If the parents know that one of them is a carrier and disclose the information to their relatives, then they can bring their children to undergo genetic testing and do not need to be scared of it because it is for the sake of their children's health.
Fourthly, it is important for the parents to give their children a mental boost by giving them a mental health condition.
When their children become teenagers, a lot of social problems may arise.
People and friends often mock your conditions.
A strong mental condition and conviction must be built from within and from the closest ones.
If not their family, then who else is willing to do that?
It is not a heavy job for the family if they have to prepare their mental first by disclosing the information of the probability that their children may suffer from the genetic disease.
In this modern world, the technologies have been improved a lot compared to the last century.
Specifically, in the medical field, there is a great improvement in many treatment methods for many formally incurable diseases, and genetic testing is one of the methods used to diagnose an individual at risk for a genetic disease.
The medical experts claim that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disease can make the decision to undergo genetic testing.
However, once a test has been conducted and the results are known, a family-related ethical dilemma is born.
The question is whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives.
In my opinion, the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this.
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this.
As many people realize, a genetic disorder can be related to the carrier's relatives, that is, one of the family members is at risk for a genetic disease means that other family members also have almost the same risk to have it, so this problem should be treated seriously by the family.
Every family member has their own human right to know what is going on with them.
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disease, how can this explain their right?
For instance, John is informed by his doctor that he is at risk for a genetic disease, but he does not tell his siblings, James and Diana, about this.
Although telling James about this is to some extent horrible, he should know what will be likely to be going on for him.
This might be beneficial for his future if he is aware of the risk of having this disorder.
The next point is that telling relatives can raise their awareness of having the same genetic disease, preventing certain genetic diseases from affecting themselves.
Genetic disorders are innate, but the great improvement of medical treatment makes it possible for humans to prevent the disease or to reduce the negative effects of the disease on themselves.
In addition, doctors usually quote a statement, "Prevention is better than cure"; this gives us an idea that preventing a disease from happening has far more advantages than curing it.
Awareness of having a genetic disorder may help in diagnosing a genetic disease for a person, and therefore, this may make the prevention of a certain disease possible.
For example, hypertension is partly due to genetic factors, but environmental factors also play an important role.
People who are aware of having such a disorder can prevent it from happening by adjusting to a healthy lifestyle, including having a balanced diet and getting at least 30 minutes of exercise every day.
To sum up, a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives.
This is their human right to know about that, and this may also save their lives by preventing the disease from happening.
With the advancement of technology over the past decades, medical advancement has increased exponentially and further improvements are still constantly being made.
Empowering doctors with advanced medical knowledge, doctors are able to diagnose and prescribe treatment for patients to help them prevent and prevent disease.
However, once a test has been carried out and the results are known, a question of disclosing the results to his or her relatives becomes a challenging issue to both patients and doctors.
In my opinion, I feel strongly about the need to support the obligation to inform patients and relatives.
As it is a genetic risk, the next-of-skin might have a high chance of carrying the risk, thereby the need to inform their relatives is important so that necessary preventive actions could be taken before unforeseen circumstances might occur.
For example, if you are the only child in a family, and you are suffering from a genetic disease, the genetic disease might be passed on to your next generation if you have a child.
Hence by letting your family members aware of the situation, it would lessen the family's stress and suffering on forcing you to settle down and have children.
However, social ethical issues like discrimination and privacy are the big concerns and potential barriers for patients or doctors to disclose information to patients' relatives.
It challenges the confidentiality and privacy principles.
Currently, under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), in the United States, there is no legal obligation to disclose information to relatives, it is up to the patient's wish to disclose information about their family members.
Early disclosure to family members brings in positive response and prevents future problems, as in the case of Jolie, who was revealed in 2004.
She chose to disclose information and underwent treatment to reduce the risk of breast cancer significantly to under five percent.
I still can remember her telling me that she did not want to live under the shadow of cancer.
However, there are still people against the decision of revealing private information.
As in the case of Alzheimer patients, it is up to the patient's own choice to disclose information.
However, research has shown that doctors have tried to interpret who, how and when will Alzheimer disease be revealed to minimise potential negative impact on families (Dementia Today, 2012).
There are associations that provide help to people with Alzheimer's disease (Alzheimer's Association, 1980).
Although there are still thousands of genetic diseases out there that might not be receiving all the help and support from everyone, the need to have immediate understanding and support from family members is the most important help that patients need in their difficult times.
In conclusion, the state should have passed a law to measure and provide information to doctors, to which extent a doctor should opt to disclose to relatives about the genetic disease, and in which situations it is open to the patient's decision.
In addition, the state could also encourage the creation of assistance programs to help needy patients and encourage them to open up for the benefit of their own families and members.
Although it may face challenges from social and ethical issues, in a long term, with appropriate encouragement and support from the government, more individuals would have a different view of acceptance and take appropriate measures to protect their own health and their loved ones.
Nowadays, the study in the genetic field has gone further and further due to the high-velocity technological advancement.
Not long ago, the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations (MNCs) has been started.
In comparison, in the field of genetic testing, which enables people to be aware of the risk of a possible genetic disease, as the technology has been very mature already, an even more popular topic arises.
While most people agree that each individual has his own right to decide whether to undergo a genetic test or not, they have different stand in whether it is the patient's responsibility or freedom to share the result with his or her relatives.
In my opinion, patients, who are carriers of some known genetic risk, are supposed to share the truth with their family members.
Admittedly, it is a social obligation to be responsible for the lives of other people.
To the whole society, it is a waste.
Take H1N1 as an example, all the people in Singapore including students at school, travelers at the Changi Airport, workers in the office as well as passengers on the street are forced by law to take their temperature and report the result to the relevant government authority in charge.
To those family members who care about them, it is also a moral obligation.
How can they not tell their loved ones who they really are and get their loved ones in danger?
The basis of a family is that everyone trusts and loves each other without any doubts.
Without trust and love, there is no difference between a family and a bunch of strangers living together.
Hence, it is essential to tell their family members about the risk of their genetic disease, both as a social responsibility and a favor to conserve the family base.
Moreover, telling their family members the truth is the fastest and easiest way to get their support.
Without the support of loved ones, patients' lives are in danger.
Family members, as the closest group of people from whom they can get comfort, is a crucial factor for them to successfully get over any possible troubles as a result of genetic disorder.
A study of New York University in 2010 showed that patients with family members around generally recover 2-4 days faster than patients taken care of by professional nurses.
Even for those patients with terminal diseases, the duration of their survival is 30 % longer due to their family support.
Some people may say that telling the truth may cause some unnecessary doubts and panics which will endanger the family's health.
While every family needs to go through this or that kind of troublesome situations, the more trouble that a family has gone through together, the greater bond will be established between the family members as well as the greater amount of trust, love and understanding.
Hence, for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other, all these troubles are just testaments to make them stronger.
Just like the lyrics of Kelly Clarkson, what does it take to make you stronger.
Being in a society where genetic testing is not a common practice, I do think that it is the choice of the patient whether he or she wants to tell his or her relatives about his or her disease.
The courage to take the genetic testing and yet to inform their relatives about the risk that they may have may result in people being judgmental while actually it is just a risk and not a confirmed case.
Furthermore, since it is the person's gene that is affected, he has the right to determine with whom he wants to share the information.
Nevertheless, while I feel that a carrier should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives about the genetic risk, I would like to suggest the person to at least share the information with his or her potential partners (husband or wife) since the individual's genetic risk may affect their future children.
Many people in our society are not well informed about many genetic diseases and many of them will most likely judge them to be having genetic diseases since they feel that the patients are 'abnormal' or 'weird'.
This is because many genetic diseases relate to those such as Bubble-Boy disease, autism or Down-Syndrome.
In those diseases, many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases.
While we do know that we should not discriminate them based on their limitations, many people still do it without realizing it.
In this particular case, we are discussing whether a person should tell his relatives about him having a risk of a particular genetic disease.
It is normal for people to demand for a fair and similar treatment as the others and therefore it is normal to try to keep some of their secrets or personal issues to themselves in case some people judge them or treat them differently.
Many people really love to hear what they want to hear and therefore they may just ignore the word 'risk' and assume that the person has suffered from the disease.
To prevent that from happening, I do feel that it is up to the person whether he wants to share the information with his family since his family may be either paranoid or judge him and act differently.
Especially when it is just a risk, the option is really his since he is not an actual sufferer.
There may be some people who say that it is necessary to tell the family members about the risk since some of them may be affected, while I do think that this view has a point, how much you can trust your family regarding this issue may also be a case.
Maybe we can trust our immediate family members but can we really trust all the other relatives?
Furthermore, since the genetic risk of a disease is very personal, it is up to the person to tell the relatives about it.
However, as I said earlier, it is better for the person to at least tell about the potential risk to his or her future partners since his genetic risk may affect his children later.
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children.
There may be possibilities when both the husband and wife are carrier and therefore they should not have any child since their child may not be able to live even after they are born.
Or in a less extreme case, the child may be disabled.
This piece of information does play a role in family planning, therefore although no one is obliged to tell about their genetic risk to anyone, it should be encouraged to tell it to their future partner.
In conclusion, whether or not the carrier wants to tell his relatives regarding his genetic risk, the choice is his because it is his own gene and he has the full right of it.
He may have different considerations other than due to the judging people or may result in making his family worry for nothing when thinking of whether he should tell it to his relatives, and no matter what choice he makes, we need to respect it and we have no right in saying that he must tell his relatives about it.
We all know that life is short and we have no right to judge a person's death.
With the improvements of technology, a new life with genetic risk can be detected.
Genetics refers to the chance of inherited a disease or disorder.
Therefore an entirely new dilemma is born: should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives?
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk.
One of the reasons that parents should be informed is that they have to decide whether they are capable of raising a child with a genetic risk.
The child with the genetic risk may not have the ability to work, to build up the family with the others and most of the time they are not acceptable for the majority.
They may not be able to enjoy what normal people can enjoy.
This competitive world is cruel to those who are not able to live.
Parents and relatives have to work harder than expected and endlessly to support their children if he/she is not able to do so himself/herself.
The situation may become worse if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease, which means that parents have to pay a lot of money to the medical care.
Not only the child but also the entire family will suffer.
It is still early for parents to decide whether they can afford a new life that they are not able to work and may suffer the pain in the entire life.
The other reason that parents should know that the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is good for the nation.
There are always newspaper report that a new born baby has been abandoned at the hospital after they realize the baby has diseases that need a huge amount of money to secure.
For the countries like Singapore, they are short of manpower to contribute to the nation.
However, every year the government has to spend a lot of money to help the disabled such as medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them.
Without increasing the number of disabilities in a nation, the government is unable to develop other ways of development like the military and education.
As citizens of a nation, they have the responsibility to support their country in many ways.
Moreover, in the world we live in today, many miscarriages are happening in hospitals all over the world.
It is easier for people to accept it morally.
Therefore, I believe that parents have the right to know the health of their children.
Many people may support the theory that every person has the right to enjoy life, especially for people with religions.
However, the problem is, will people really enjoy their life if they have to stay at a hospital everyday with all the needles and endless pain?
Parents know what is best for their children, thus they will make a right decision after they have been informed.
Also, human beings should improve the medical field in order to prevent the tragedy from happening.
I think a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives.
Genetic testing is a personal choice.
One should have the full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else.
As far as I am concerned, when a couple are going to have babies, they are going to run a few tests and see whether they could have some genetic diseases.
The results are disclosed to husbands and wives.
This is not the case I am talking about here.
The most obvious reason for arguing for this opinion is that the relatives of the carrier are at high risk of carrying these diseases.
They have the right to know whether they are at risk.
Also, telling them the result can help them largely reduce the cost of testing multiple times.
They can also take immediate measures to reduce the possibility of having this disease.
If a person has a disease C that might be a result of the gene A, he runs a test and knows that he has the gene A.
This means that both of his parents have the gene A and they are both at high risk of developing disease C.
They could save the cost of running two separate tests to see whether they are under high risk of having disease C.
If he runs a test and knows that he has the gene A, this means that one of his parents has the gene and that one cost of testing could be saved.
His relatives can then take measures, if this disease can be prevented somehow, to stop this disease from taking its toll on his life.
However, this can also be achieved from a personal choice.
One can choose to tell their relatives if they are at risk.
Most people care about their relatives, and if there is no serious consequence of telling them, I assume most of them will tell their relatives to be careful.
One might also choose to hint or encourage their certain relatives to run a gene test if they are concerned about negative consequences that come across when they disclose their genetic results.
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives.
If a person is obliged to tell his/her relatives, he or she might be discriminated by those who do not carry this gene.
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children.
For example, if an unmarried person has a gene that is sufficient for a very serious disease, and after he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives, everyone knows that he is a carrier.
So all the married couples go run a test and know they are not carrier.
They might subconsciously see him as different and worry that he will find a wife who will carry this gene as well.
Third, it is hard to define relatives.
If a gene runs in the family, one of the family members will test positive for it, and the other will need to tell someone.
If that is a big family, is he obliged to tell everyone?
Spouses usually have very close relationships, if person A tell his family that he has this gene, his uncle C knows and tells his wife D that he needed to run a test because his cousin has this disease.
However, wife D is not even under the risk of having this disease.
The wife might tell her mother, who likes to gossip on her way to the theater.
In less than a week, half of the population knows that person A has a risky gene, and his family might be genetically risky.
Then nobody wants to marry A, or his relatives.
This is the potential consequence if one does not have full control of his/her information, especially when the party that he is obliged to disclose his information to is a potentially large group (relatives).
In conclusion, a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives.
Carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives.
Nowadays, people do not only seek the comfort of their own lives, but also for the better development of their following generations.
Since the technology of modern society has been so advanced, it becomes possible for people to make a decision to take a genetic test so as to be clear whether or not they carry a genetic risk which can affect their next generation.
The debatable question, an ethical dilemma, is whether people are responsible for telling their relatives that they carry a known genetic risk?
In my opinion, the responsibility of telling family and relatives is quite obvious.
And there are two basic reasons.
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your own health and the health of your relatives, and the second one is being responsible for the next generation.
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is good for your self-wellness and the health of your relatives.
Because if you are carrying that genetic risk, then there is a great possibility that your relatives like parents or siblings are also carrying the same genetic risk.
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger.
If you have not undergone the genetic testing, it's just an odd fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives.
However, if you have undergone a training and know that you are a carrier, you are responsible for your whole family.
Even though you can not completely eliminate the risk, you can at least try to be aware of avoiding getting the disease.
As for those in your family who are more likely to be affected, they can go to the hospital to do the check-ups regularly.
Therefore, telling the families and the relatives to get ready for the disease and even prevent it from happening is your responsibility.
Furthermore, you are also being responsible for your next generation by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk.
If your wife is not aware of the truth and gives birth to a baby, it will be possible for your child to carry the same genetic risk as well.
Being the parent, you are not responsible for the next generation, since you allow the genetic risk to be passed on by generation to generation and being aware of it.
However, if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives, you offer a chance to have a child or not.
And if you still decide to have the baby, since the technology has been developed so advanced, it might be possible in the future that the application of altering the gene is perfected and widespread used, you can then choose to give birth to babies by giving them a brighter future.
This is the responsibility of being a parent.
And in my opinion, this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing the genetic testing at the first place.
As a conclusion, once you have undergone the genetic testing and being aware of some specific genetic risk, there are responsibilities to your relatives, yourself, and your following generations by telling your relatives and families the truth.
To tell or not to tell?
Consider a case where we decide to undergo genetic testing and have known the result of it.
We found that we are actually the genetic risk carrier.
Then it becomes troublesome about whether we need to tell our relatives who may carry this genetic risk as well.
There are really a lot of things we need to consider.
Every choice we make has a huge impact on our lives.
As a result, what should we do?
Tell them or keep this secret until we die?
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status.
For example, diabetes is a kind of genetic disease.
Once we find out we are carrying this genetic risk, it is better for us to tell our family members because they may carry it as well.
If we tell them, they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sweet and sour food and keeping a good mood.
And it is important for those young people.
The earlier we teach them, the better habits they will develop for the rest of their lives.
What's more, they may undergo a genetic test as well to see whether they are carrying it or not, which is also better for them.
However, some people may argue that why we want to interfere with their lives?
Sometimes it becomes extremely hard for them to accept this news especially if they are going to know that they or their descendants may have a severe disease like blood disease which is untreatable.
Imagine that you are living like a normal person, but one day your relative tells you that there are some possibilities that you may encounter in the future, and what kind of feelings do you have?
It may affect our daily lives and we will think about it every day.
We become so anxious that we cannot focus on anything.
At the same time, there will also be chances that the genetic test result is not correct which means they are actually wasting their lives worrying about this thing, so actually we are bringing trouble to them.
I personally feel that we should still take our responsibilities to tell them about the situation.
Since this will really affect their lives, what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way.
We can not let it go.
We should know that although we may affect their lives, we can still let them make correct choices in the future.
It is only after we tell them that they will start paying attention to their health.
They will consider whether to give a birth to a new baby because of this genetic problem and they will start finding ways to try to avoid their baby to carry this genetic risk as well.
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not.
Maybe after we tell them, they will go for it and know more about themselves.
I know it will have a huge impact on them, but we should know that they are our loved ones, and we need to tell them and help them.
A genetic risk carrier should be obliged to tell
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease.
Once the test is done, whether the results should be open to his or her relatives has caused extensive social criticism.
Some say it is a kind of invasion of privacy for the carrier and should be protected.
He or she has the right not to tell anyone.
However, in my opinion, it is the obligation of a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about his or her actual situation.
This essay will illustrate two aspects.
First of all, it can be an alert for the family members of the patient and let them be aware of the possible disease that they may also have.
As we all know, genetic risk factors are likely to pass on their genetics to their family members.
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying a risky genetic disease, other members in the family may also have the disease.
Some of the diseases may not show symptoms until the carrier is old enough.
Therefore, telling relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save much time for proper treatment.
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and treated appropriately.
So for the consideration of the other family members, the relatives should be informed.
Secondly, it can avoid genetic disease passed on to the next generation when they are planning to have babies.
They should let their spouse know about his or her situation before marriage.
They need to ask for doctor's advice before they plan to have a baby.
Some genetic diseases will only pass on to boys, while others will only affect girls.
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse, another life may have risk of inherited the genetic disease.
I noticed a real story in the newspaper years ago.
A couple in China have a son of 5 years old.
Unfortunately, their son fell ill and was diagnosed with a kind of genetic disease, which is very serious.
They were told that the wife's family was carrying the genetic disease and that it can only pass on to boys rather than girls.
Therefore, their son was inherited the genetic disease.
However, the wife actually had known about the Polygenic Disorder before the marriage and she did not tell her husband.
The son was killed after one year of treatment and the couple got divorced after that.
If the wife had not known the truth and asked for the doctor's advice before they had the baby, the tragic would not happen.
In a nutshell, a carrier of a known genetic risk has the responsibility to tell his or her relatives.
On the one hand, it can tell members of the carrier's family the possible disease they may have and can perform the treatment in time if possible.
On the other hand, it may pass the disease to the next generation if the carrier is hidden.
Nowadays, with the advancement of technology, it is easy to do a genetic testing.
We can not deny that the genetic testing really helps people a lot when they face the problem of disease.
However, I think that the genetic information is one person's personal information which should be protected by the law.
Therefore, I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives.
There are three reasons as follows.
Firstly, the information concerning the genetics is something that is personally important, like a person's bank card.
Other people should not be told without the person's permission even though they are his or her family or relatives.
The government should set the law to protect this kind of privacy.
Once people's genetic information is told to other people, they may know the person's potential disability or disease or other bad things naturally.
They may set a bias on this person and even abandon him or her.
People do not have the ability to choose their own genes, and should not be thought of as being bad because of a bad gene.
So I think whatever the genetics is or whether the gene is match with their parents, it should not be told to anyone even his or her family or relatives.
Secondly, the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even if it breaks the relation between children and the adult.
Once his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have the relation with them.
However, however happy they were before, there would be some barrier which would really destroy the family gradually.
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way; it is something much more profound and intense.
The parents give knowledge and love to the children, while they feel happy with the support of the children.
The children depended on the parents for their lives.
When they grow up, they take care of their parents and thank them for their dedication.
The relation between parents and children is something about love and commitment.
Everyone does not want to see the scene of the broken family due to the carrier of a known genetic risk.
Therefore, I think a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person's permission.
Finally, the technology of testing the gene is not very mature now.
There also exists some probability of wrong testing.
If the wrong testing was not found by the doctor, the family and the children may be sad and have a struggling life for their whole life.
Therefore, I think a person who knows a genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives.
Therefore, considering the people's privacy and the existence of wrong testing, for the peace of the family, I support that a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her family or relatives without the person's permission.
A carrier of a known genetic risk should be obliged to tell his or her relatives.
More and more illness are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of the medical technology.
People will know about whether they carry a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test.
If there is no problem, that will be wonderful.
However, not everybody is so lucky that they can make sure they do not carry any disease genes.
Therefore, once people find out they have carried the disease, they should be responsible to tell their relatives, at least their family members.
It may be awkward and embarrassing for a person to tell relatives that he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk.
But they are all from one family and have the same father, so of course they all have the same genes in some part.
Therefore, there is nothing to be scared of.
If the person tells his or her relatives that he or she carries a disease, his or her family can go to the hospital to check if they also have the disease.
The relatives can then prepare themselves to prevent the disease from occurring.
Also they can prevent the disease going to their offspring.
If the relatives have that disease, they can share the experience with him or her and give some help, they will also teach him or her how to communicate with others about this issue.
If he does not get married, he or she must tell his or her partner that he or she carries the disease.
Then they can have a healthy baby with the help of the doctors.
Or else, if he does not take the genetic risk, they may have an unhealthy baby and may cause the death of the baby or the end of their marriage.
There is a story I watched on TV.
A couple did not have a child after their marriage for a long time, their parents were anxious about that and asked them to go to hospital to check what was the problem.
After he came back from the hospital, the man told his parents that the problem was that he had a disease, so they could not have a baby in their life time.
The woman did not know the test result, but she overheard the talk and decided to divorce her husband.
After the man got the divorce, the woman showed her the test report; it wrote that the woman carried the disease instead of the man.
At that time, the woman knew how much her husband loved her but she ruined her happiness.
No tears, no noise..
People can not avoid carrying the disease, which they are born with.
However, they can avoid this by avoiding the disease being passed on to their children.
By telling their relatives that they may have a risk of carrying the disease, they can make their family members more closely connected and avoid many risks and conflicts.
Genetic testing has become a beneficial way to predict and protect individuals at risk for a disease.
However, there rises a family-related ethical dilemma if it is right to tell a carrier's family once the test has been conducted and the results are known.
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the right to know the result.
The answer is simply that everyone, especially our family, has the right to know the truth.
Though it is said that genetic testing involves emotional and social risks due to the test results, while the potential negative impacts of the risk still exist, the consequence will be significant if other members of his or her family do not know.
Then they are unable to have a suitable method to protect themselves and their emotional preparations.
Taking Jolie for example, she is famous but she still revealed the truth about her genetic testing on the development of her breast cancer risk.
Everything is not bad if you know how to look at the bright side with hope.
People may feel angry, depressed, or even guilty about their results.
In some cases, a carrier can suffer from tension within a family because the result is also related to the others' risk.
However, I believe it is just a usual reaction to this situation.
In addition, though it can be possible in some cases that he or she and the family can undergo specific discrimination in their workplace and social life, how people can face more dramatic tragedy such as sickness or death if they can not even overcome this harsh situation.
Life is hard, but people can not live without it.
It is just because you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard times.
Furthermore, living with a secret is not a good sensation, especially if the situations of other relatives become worse, you should feel guilty and depressed.
Moreover, the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed, more and more people will be shocked and upset.
As a result, it is in the interests of the carrier and its relatives, telling the genetic testing result is needed.
Last but not least, though genetic testing is a personal matter, telling the result to your family can improve and develop understanding and compassion of each other as well as promoting awareness of taking care of everyone's health.
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of the society and the anxiety about the risks.
To put it in the nutshell, I believe that people should have the obligation to tell their relatives about the genetic testing results for the good of their health.
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carrier and their family.
In addition, emotional preparation and the ways you explain your genetic condition is also important so that you can convey the correct information to your family and relatives and if necessary to guide them if they wish to conduct a similar genetic testing.
The Importance Of Social Media
Social media has been playing a vital role in our lives today.
It is almost impossible for us to keep away from it.
I started using Facebook one year ago, when I just arrived in Singapore.
And now I have over 500 friends on Facebook and I am buried with hordes of fans every day.
We know each other's status, changes, and so on through the social media.
For example, if we change our contact numbers, we will not be able to send messages to each other anymore.
Instead, we will post a survey and ask our friends to participate in this kind of changes.
And if you are not on it, you will just get lost.
In certain aspects, social media has brought us a lot of convenience.
It is even more convenient to talk on the phone since it is free.
We discuss everything we like and dislike and we have more personal space.
Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like.
And also, we get a chance to talk to popular people like celebrities and know their life better.
In China, a lot of government organizations have open forums to communicate with people, like firehouses, police, and so on.
Social media allows them to explain things to people and to let people know what is going on.
And actually lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media like looking for people get lost and so on.
With more convenient and humane communications, the relationship between government and people gets largely improved.
What's more, various kinds of culture can be shown to us through social media.
We can learn more about new countries and cultures through social media.
From this scope, social media has shorten our distance.
However, we get less chance and less importance to talk face to face since social media is so convenient, advanced and interesting.
And even when we gather together, more people find themselves with less topic to talk about than before and choose to dig into their social media profiles again.
When we are far away, social media makes it seem as if we are in front of each other; sometimes when we are by each other's side, we are seeming to be far away from each other.
This kind of feeling makes people's relationship not as stable, secure and reliable as before.
Besides, there are more people sharing their pictures of delicious food or traveling experience.
To some extent, this makes our life more luxurious and boring.
For myself, I am going to some places after I see those beautiful pictures taken by my friends.
Sometimes I can even sleep well because of excitement.
Social media makes our lives so fast and we have less time to think about our lives.
Social media is becoming more important and we need to think more to make it serve us better and better.
Interpersonal skills, like any other skill, requires practice.
Besides that, these skills require time to develop and adapt.
The burgeoning of social media has definitely had its downsides; but among all the good things, it is better to have them in moderation.
Convenience and efficiency are two very important uses of social media.
While millions of users are connected at any one time, any information can be readily available at their disposal.
This improves the connectivity between the user and the server.
For example, one is able to send notifications and other information that we use to have in hardcopy, over the web, and the process takes seconds.
The receiver, then, will receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network.
This convenience can be appreciated almost in real time.
Next, the communication is also greatly improved.
In the past, vast amounts of communication were done by means of the telephone, such as snail-mail, or via poor-quality voice calls.
With the help of applications such as Skype and Facetime, any individual can take advantage of the most modern communication methods.
Aside from hearing the voice, a webcamera could also be affixed to simulate a 'real' interaction with expressions and gestures.
Communication would have taken a different turn without the easily available social media.
However, it is a good practice not to use social media exclusively all the time.
Intimate interaction is greatly absent in social media interactions, particularly in the context of the web.
Having to meet and interact with people allows one to be closer to the person.
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utilizes the motor, thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate.
Unlike the use of social media, most of the interaction is done with thinking and texting.
As a result, one does not necessarily train the parts of the skills required for a proper interpersonal relationship.
It is also entirely wrong to fault social media for the lack of interpersonal skills.
Howard Gardner studied the effect of multiple intelligences among people and stated that interpersonal intelligence is a form of skills on its own - some have it, some do not.
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be mapped, in accordance with testing, and ranked.
Fundamentally, those who scored lower on the interpersonal skills scale are more likely to stumble when this skill is needed.
Though social media need not be necessarily bad, it must be used appropriately - for work, family, and friends.
The types of use must also be taken into account - informing, interacting, and discussing.
The space of separation between the parts must also be looked at.
For people who are living far away from each other, the intense use of social media is justified.
For those who live within the community, they should at least meet up, and not use social media as the primary source of communication.
And at the same time, it improves the interpersonal skill, through the dynamic practice between individuals and real-time presence.
The inclusion of intimate presence and relative touch could also bring a better rapport between those interacting.
Recently, the rise of social media has helped people to have more close connections with each other, and it is a more convenient and cheaper way to have online contact compared to face to face meetings.
In my opinion, social media websites such as Twitter and Facebook will not affect the chance for people to have face to face contact and thus negatively affect their interpersonal skills.
On the other hand, it may even increase the chance of having face to face contact among people.
First, social media networks have a lot of user base, it helps to connect people from different parts of the world.
In the days without the social networks, people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they never meet before.
Their number of people that they know may only be limited to the people they meet in daily life like classmates and working partners.
Therefore, social networks bring more and more connections between people, and they may have a chance to chat with people they have never met before, and this helps to develop their interpersonal skills.
Secondly, although social network takes time for people to chat online but not face to face, they may still decide a time to meet others face to face in the daily life.
In this case, the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk.
For example, if social network does not exist, the business people need to meet each other face to face and it is other time consuming, even sometimes with business that is not so important, it still takes a lot of time on travel which is a waste.
However, social network helps people to meet and chat much more easily, they can even use video chat and create group chat to chat with multiple parties at the same time.
Nowadays, even some companies conduct online video interviews with their applicants as it saves time and cost.
The social network may also create some negative impacts for people.
The largest negative impact is that due to the online network, some people start to use and rely on the internet every minute.
They take too much time of using online social network and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life.
It not only affect the interpersonal skills but also bad for people's health if they spend too much time on the social media.
Secondly, social network may release certain personal information to the public, as the cyber environment is not perfect and not safe, people may not protect their privacy online effectively and sometimes, some people may use others personal information to deceive.
In conclusion, although the online environment is unsafe, spending too much time on the Internet may be a potential negative factor for using social networks.
It provides people with a more convenient environment and improves the frequency of meetings with each other.
It also helps people to develop their interpersonal skills through online chat.
In general, there are more benefits than disadvantages.
The world is becoming more and more flat by the day with all the social network websites such as Facebook and YouTube.
We can even know what a friend who lives thousands of miles away will eat for lunch through these kinds of social media.
From some points of view, social media really has a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently.
However, its disadvantages can also be ignored when you consider it as a platform to show off and a stage for cyber crime.
Social network provides us many convenience.
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through phone, we can know of his latest news by scanning the web.
It can help us to know more about each other.
It can make people become closer as well.
For example, if you find out that one of your friend's favorite singers is Justin Bieber, you can give him or her a new Justin Biber album or a concert ticket as a birthday gift.
It will be really sweet and you will definitely become closer.
In addition, social network sites can help you keep in touch with friends who live far away.
I met some Canadian friends in Egypt.
Without Facebook, we may lose our contact.
However, thanks to Facebook, I can still keep in touch with them and know what they are doing recently as we live close to each other.
The disadvantages of social media are quite undeniable.
A research shows that people will unconsciously change their thoughts when they hear or see something that is exposed to the public.
It means that one can not know another's real thoughts and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media.
It will make him or her quite upset when they communicate in real life.
In addition, with all the " nice " guys around on the social network, one may neglect people surrounding him or her but just communicate with friends on Facebook.
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cell phones.
This kind of behaviour is not good for people's psychological health, according to a research.
The cyber communication is quite different from the face to face communication and people who depend on the cyber communication will not get used to the real life communication.
In addition, a cyber relationship can not always work in real life.
With no close relationship in real life but only close cyber friends, one is more likely to feel lonely because the physiological need of human beings is to feel the bond with others by our five senses.
With the will of people to become the best among others, social network now become a place to show off.
Some people will post their expensive things or the places of interest they have been to on the social network and get a feeling of satisfaction from doing so.
It is a mental health issue, and it may cause people to become more materialistic.
The last but not the least, with all kinds of personal information on one's social network page, it is convenient for criminals to make use of this information to commit a crime.
Above all, social network is like a two sided knife and people can only take good advantage of it by avoiding the possible disadvantages of it such as put less personal information on his or her facebook page.
The modes of communication have been changing over the years, from letter writing to social networking.
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology, which has made communication to be faster than ever before.
Today, social media sites, such as Facebook and Twitter, are relatively common within the contemporary society; and, people can communicate with each other, online or offline, on these social networking platforms.
They can even make new friends over similar interests on these platforms, which will be able to connect almost everyone closely in many parts of the world.
However, critics may argue that with the existence of social media, people have reduced physical human interactions with other people because they prefer sitting in front of a computer rather than going out and meeting new friends.
This essay will discuss both the benefits and the downsides of using social media in the modern society.
Nowadays, social media are able to disseminate information faster than any other media.
There are about 50 % of the people who have learnt about breaking news from social media.
This is due to people spending more time on social media than on reading newspapers.
Furthermore, with the current technology, smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made it easier for consumers to use.
Hence, social media has benefited the masses by providing them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediately to the people around them.
However, critics may argue that not all information or news is reliable.
There might be false information or hoaxes being sent around on social media.
For example, in 2012, there were false rumors of fires, shootouts, and car bombs in a Mexican suburb which had been reported through Twitter and Facebook.
This had caused a panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls, and this had resulted in temporarily closing the schools.
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone, given that social media can disseminate information in a relatively fast speed.
Nevertheless, there are cyber polices who work around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes from spreading.
But, there will still be unreliable sources who will continue to post false information on social media despite the high security measures to control every social media movement.
Social media are able to improve relationships and make new friends, provided that there is mutual trust and mutual understanding between both parties.
Many of the teenagers today claim that they are able to keep in touch with their friends through social media, regardless of their location.
In the past, people used to write letters to their friends and it would take a relatively long time to send the letter.
Therefore, with the help of technology, people are able to catch up with each other conveniently.
Furthermore, it will be easier to make new friends who have similar interests or hobbies.
However, in order for people to maintain their relationship as well as make new friends, it requires mutual trust and understanding between both parties.
It might not be accurate to judge the other party's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media.
In addition, there are also chances for people to miscommunicate with each other as they can not sense the tone of the other party over social media platforms.
This will result in unnecessary conflicts between two parties over miscommunication.
But, if there is trust and mutual understanding on social media, it will be ideal for people to improve their relationship and make new friends.
In conclusion, social media in the modern society is able to help improve one's relationship and make new friends, as well as, disseminate information efficiently to the masses.
However, there are risks of false information and chances of miscommunication.
Nevertheless, the advantages of social media will benefit the masses if the negative aspects of it can be carefully taken care of.
All-in-all, social media is the product of rapid technological advancement and there are many more to come in the future.
Advantages: Social media sites have greatly eased long distance communication and interaction due to their accessibility and convenience.
With a globalised and interconnected world today, Twitter and Facebook are now the main platform for social interaction.
With just a touch of an electronic device, one can easily interact with his friends and communicate without much hassle.
Thus, long distance relationships or friendships can be maintained and kept in check by keeping in touch with your friends.
With the sharing of personal photos, posting of status of one's personal feeling or experience and able to reply to these posts allowed human interaction to be engaged and expanded with ease.
Introverts or those who are shy to communicate with their friends are now able to do so in the form of words via social media platform.
Thus, socialisation can occur effortlessly and effectively with the utilisation of such social media platforms.
Meet-ups and appointments are no longer a barrier for humans to contact and communicate with one another, making human interaction possible at one's own convenience.
The society will adapt to such phenomena as physical interaction as they are transformed into cyber interaction.
With the frequent usage and reliance of the social media and the Internet, a society that socialises through the cyber will be more advanced and adapted to the highly connected world.
This will greatly help a society to progress rapidly.
Disadvantages: One of the main concerns of using social media to communicate is credibility.
The certainty of what is being shared or expressed could not be proved physically as the media limits this physical interaction, except when using a webcam to chat.
We cannot be sure for sure the reliability or truth of some of the information we received through the Internet.
We may actually be communicating with a fake Facebook account of a cyber friend, which we assume to be real but in reality, it is a fake account.
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agendas.
Thus, the lack of face-to-face human contact through social media restricts actual interaction which can be stimulated through the media.
Although emotions can be used to show certain emotions, this differs from the real, actual emotion of your friends when you observe them through their body language and facial expression.
The danger of such socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction.
Furthermore, this lack of physical interaction has affected human inter-personal behaviour since communication is made through social media instead of meetings.
This lowers the experience of human ability to interact with one another which can adversely shape one's behaviour.
The lack of exposure to real life interaction with humans does not create the confidence and skills needed for one to interact seamlessly and effectively with others.
Therefore, for an effective and efficient society, there is a need to have a balance of both social media interaction and face-to-face human interaction within its people.
Nowadays, people can even use their phone to read the news and everyone can be the first witnesses of what is happening in the world.
People use Twitter to follow the artist or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what is their friends' recent activity.
Nevertheless, they can still use the phone to make normal calls and send messages to the contact.
Not only the phone did the jobs for them, but also devices like personal computer, laptop, tablet, and many other devices which are able to connect to internet.
It is obvious that the internet saves people's time and connects people globally.
Several arguments have been made regarding the social media, which actually has some disadvantages for people.
People can only use electronic devices to access the internet.
Whenever they need to use social media, they have to use a phone or internet.
Usually people need their eyes to look at the display of their phone or computer and their fingers to manipulate the corresponding devices.
As a result, they will lose their ability to communicate with people nearby, which means they will lose the tools they need to communicate face-to-face.
This can be easily seen in many restaurants and cafes nowadays.
A family of four having dinner in a restaurant without any chatting, because they are holding their hand and looking at their display screen with one hand when the other hand is holding a fork.
A group of friends are having a high tea in a cafe without talking, because they do not know what to talk about by pressing the display screen.
Nowadays the children do not know what is the neighbourhood game and who is staying beside them, all they know is pressing the icons on the screens.
These are some concrete examples of how the social media can reduce face-to-face human contact.
When people get use of using social media to contact other people, what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and eventually lose.
Firstly, they have lost the courage to meet strangers, and even more so the courage to talk.
Also, they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in person and will not be trained in their conversation skills.
As a result, social media helps them do their jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills.
Social media does have some other advantages besides their general benefits to human beings.
First of all, people save money by using the internet to contact other people and read news.
A father may be able to make a call to his daughter who is in other country via social media software instead of making international call which costs a lot to normal family.
He can even talk to her face-to-face using video call via internet.
Secondly, people make friends all over the world and are able to easily update their friends with their recent activities.
A guy who is going to travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity.
When one of his friends who is not aware of this has failed to contact him via telephone, he might be able to get his whereabouts using social media.
These are the advantages that save most of the time.
In conclusion, social media benefits people in several ways but at the same time harms people.
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it in the proper way.
With the aid of social media, people bond globally, information flows rapidly, and human lives happily.
All of us are living in the technology era.
Have you ever wondered why we use these tools to connect ourselves with other people?
It started with the invention of technology which has grown tremendously over the past few decades.
In the past, we used to travel by ship, and now we can use airplanes to do so.
In the past, it took a few days to get a message as we need to post our letters, and now we can use email, which is an electronic message, to send messages to our friends, or even use our hand-held devices to send messages.
From the example that I have mentioned earlier, we can see that distance between us and our loved ones is getting closer.
This is because of the ease of technology such as airplanes, some of our friends might be going abroad to continue their studies or even you are away from your family to pursue your studies or even careers in life.
Thus, this makes Twitter and Facebook become one of the media that we need.
Nevertheless, everything in life has its positive and negative side.
This is applicable to these social media sites.
The next two paragraphs will be discussing about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our society.
With the help of social media tools, we can stay in contact and keep ourselves up to date with our family and friends even though we are away from them.
Social media such as Facebook has allowed us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are away.
These approaches help the parents to communicate with their children and know what kind of activities their children have when they are abroad.
The social media is beneficial as it connects you with your loved one even though you are separated by the distance.
It might not be able to replace the joy that you have when you are with your family but it could help reduce the sadness of being away from your family.
As I mentioned in the beginning, there are also disadvantages of social media tools.
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration especially among the youngsters.
This is because it is part of everyone's habit to check their Facebook page as their friends will post something new every second.
Thus, you can see that some students will browse Facebook while attending lectures.
This means that the students are not concentrating when they are supposed to do so.
As a result, it could affect their lives and studies.
This could then lead to stress as these students are not able to cope with their studies because they were distracted.
In my opinion, every individual has to take responsibility of his or her life by making a right decision.
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media, however, in this case, striking a balance between social media and your life is the most important thing to do.
Nowadays, the use of social media is a commonplace in our lives.
In an increasingly globalised world, such platforms even intensify and complicate the links between individuals in the world.
Thanks to them, people can get to know one another online, without having to travel to meet up for business purposes or for personal reasons.
However, it is also bringing some social changes whereby such virtual worlds are overtaking the real-life world, resulting in some negative impacts in individuals's daily lives and therefore becoming a large problem in society as a whole.
As people spend more and more time on social media, the importance of face-to-face human contact has decreased.
As people feel more confident about communicating online, where they do not have to face reality in person, they feel more comfortable and prefer to communicate online.
This results in lack of interpersonal skills in individuals, especially young students, as they always have the option to turn back to the real-life and go online.
This becomes a huge problem when they have no choice but to face the things in real life.
As they are so used to having an online avatar, they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realize how to interact with people in real life.
Another problem with social media is that, the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not reflected as something positive to the user.
The reason why it is so addictive is that the more people get into the social media, the more attention they get from their friends.
However, such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short-term and thus do not add any value or meaning to the user's life.
Also, according to a research, it has been proven that the users feel more sad after using the Facebook, and this is because the users unknowingly compare their lives with other people's lives.
But seriously, most people only post the happiest moments in their lives.
Social media definitely has some other strong benefits that make the user stay in the links among the people.
Indeed, I myself use Facebook just because of the friends' contacts that I want to keep.
However, the friendship on such a virtual world is so superficial that it is not relevant to the real-life.
Also, as numerous profit-driven companies realize the huge human traffic on social media, they make it a point to fish for the customers by uploading many advertisements.
Furthermore, this also potentially triggers the privacy issues as Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information of the users.
As this happens, the user is more and more preoccupied with any possible fraud.
Social media is at its nadir at the moment, however, I believe that when people realize that such websites are not making them better people in real life, they will not be as involved in it as they are now.
The user, soon, will realize that they do not need such social media sites to keep in contact with their friends, because, if they really need somebody, they will reach the friends no matter what.
We think we are all connected through all sorts of social media, but do we really get connected or fall apart?
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people, from around the world.
The idea seems great, and nowadays most people even the older generation will have at least one social media platform like Facebook.
The parents are now the "friends" of their kids, and they can now "follow" their kids more closely and in real time.
People post about their random thoughts or daily activities via Twitter and post different kinds of photos on Facebook frequently, to be connected with their so called friends.
However, as we tend to spend too much time on this and have a significantly reduced amount of face-to-face human contact, that eventually affects our interpersonal skills.
First and foremost, I would like to share the advantages of using such social media in my daily life.
As a student, I tend to meet lots of people from different backgrounds and in different situations.
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers and Facebook account in order to keep in touch.
Unlike just keeping contact numbers that we may or may not call, social media like Facebook is a great way for friends from different fields or even from different parts of the world to be connected.
Within a click, we could check on the friend's profile and read about his/her activities.
On another hand, we could update our profile by posting on the wall and our friends could read up on the news feed.
This allows friends that may not have time to meet up to still be connected in a way.
Not only that, new friends can be easily met through such online platforms.
Hence, our social circle is indeed growing.
Nevertheless, what seems to make us connected can be the cause that brings us apart.
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that there is a reduction in face-to-face contact.
This subsequently leads to the poorer interpersonal skills that inhibit the growth of our real social circle.
For example, we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us "Today is someone's birthday".
In fact, we may have just forgotten our friend's birthday.
We used to send cards during the festive season, like the Chinese New Year, and we felt so good to write on one and, of course, to receive another with stamps on it.
Then came the times, and now we do mass sending and the receiver may feel less meaning in such online wishes.
As time passes, we may have more "friends" on the list, but the meaning of friends needs to be redefined.
In a nutshell, every sword has two edges.
The users of every social media needs to strike a balance between the real world and the virtual one.
We should maximize the benefits of such platforms but be careful of its impacts on the actual life that we have.
Ultimately, the best way to improve interpersonal skills is through face-to-face meetings, but social media is the only tool that can help.
Nowadays, social media is used by everyone.
I believe that 80% of people play on social media.
These sites play the role of connecting people around the world.
It consists of the function of connecting, sharing, and interacting.
However, there are also some disadvantages that occur due to the social media which are concerned in the society.
Therefore, this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life.
First, with the function of social media that connects people, everyone is able to interact and communicate with friends and family, or even strangers without any time and place constraints.
Through the social media, we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand.
There are over a thousand miles between Singapore and these two countries.
However, we are able to chat with our friends without traveling to the countries.
It saves a lot of money and time as well as it strengthens our relationship although we stay at different places around the world.
Besides that, companies can also use the convenience of social media, such as Facebook or Skype, to facilitate the meeting with parties from around the world.
Substantial cost is saved without the tiring travel from one point to another point.
With the huge amount of cost savings, this capital can be utilized in the other sectors which benefits the company and also increases the company's profit.
However, there are always two sides of a story.
Some scholars argue that the use of social media reduces the face-to-face connection between human beings.
Since ancient times, human beings have interacted with each other face to face.
Without the facial impression, it is easier to misunderstand the intention of speakers.
That is why facial impressions are one of the most important elements in social learning.
In addition, " social media sites will affect writing skills", that is the point of view in society.
Based on the statistical report, the more skilled the writer, the more likely he is to use social media to communicate.
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know.
The auto correction software is so effective when using electronic devices until we do not realize the importance of writing.
Writing is an essential skill for people who want to express their feelings and opinions.
'Privacy', is the word that has become popular in the last few decades.
Humans have their own rights and privacy.
I believe that most of us agree with these terms.
However, there is news about the social media sites that leaks user information to companies with cash reimbursement.
Everything we type in the social media is recorded in the server and then sent to the companies for spying and advertising.
Although it looks like no laws and it is your own space to speak and do anything you want, you are actually wrong.
You are not only controlled by the government, you are also spied on by the government.
In conclusion, everything has two sides of stories.
It is our responsibility to determine the advantages and disadvantages of social media.
To utilize the technology well, we should do our best to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons.
Thus, the new technology will be able to bring a more prosperous future for our society and the next generation.
With the wide spread of advanced technology, social media is becoming more and more popular.
Getting connected on social media such as Facebook and Twitter has become a main trend as well as daily work nowadays.
With this situation, both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life.
On one side, it is obvious that many advantages have been brought to our lives.
Social media provides people with the opportunity to get in contact with each other and with each other whenever they want and wherever they want.
Whether we are at home or at school, at work or on a holiday, we are able to communicate and interact with our friends.
Even when people are thousands of miles apart, social media makes it possible to have interaction by keeping each other in contact.
When our phones are stolen, we can also use the social media to get in contact with our friends.
Some people who are trying to talk to the public can also participate actively in the group chats via social media.
Besides, we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in.
Therefore, the popularity of social media has made it more convenient for people to update their friends' status and communicate with friends more frequently.
On the other hand, we need to rethink about the influences brought by the social media.
There are still many disadvantages of using social media.
Firstly, interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face-to-face human contact.
While social media brings convenience to people, people are more and more willing to use social media for chatting instead of face-to-face chatting which has a time and place requirement.
People who are not good at public chatting may be more receptive to talk to people, and their interpersonal skills can never be improved under this situation.
Secondly, people's over-addition may unavoidably, to some degree, exacerbate social alienation, and this kind of alienation causes some social media users to suffer from the over-reliance on social media.
More and more people are using the internet from their real lives.
This is a potential danger for teenagers, who are growing up with social changes, to get hurt.
Thirdly, a lot of the changes in lifestyles, such as the increasing use of luxuries, may make people's daily lives more gratifying and memorable, which is not a good social trend.
Lastly, it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media.
Again, there is a tendency for them to suffer from social media and their study and work may be greatly influenced.
Since we can see both advantages and disadvantages of using social media, and we can not deny the huge benefits that have been brought to us, this main trend of using social networks may still be lingering for a long time.
Therefore, whenever we use social media, we should take both sides into consideration and try to avoid being affected by the disadvantages.
Only by absorbing the essence and thereby avoiding the dregs can we make better use of the social media.
In the sophisticated era like these days, experts keep producing inventions that are meant to make life easier.
Geographical and transportation borders are no longer a problem because communication and information technologies have been improved continuously.
Telephone may be perceived as a big innovation created even when the first time Graham Bell introduced it.
However, since the internet was known, the telephone started to give way to social media sites.
Many advantages are given to the user.
Let us take an example from Facebook and Twitter, two of the most famous social media sites.
Through Facebook, people are able to maintain a relationship with their old acquaintances.
This benefit can not be obtained through telephone or mail because people's particular address and time may change from time to time while on Facebook, people can keep in contact with old friends just by using name and photo, for example, as the identifier.
Facebook is like a combination of message and chat service, personal profile, media sharing, and other entertainment add-on (i.e. social games) which allow user to communicate with remote people, and also to update and express themselves at the same time.
The function of Twitter, compared to Facebook, is more simplified. It gives more benefits if it is used as a sharing media.
Twitter only allows user to give update that is limited to short sentences in order to send the words fast, that only highlighted messages are delivered.
For Facebook, a comprehensive way of sharing is offered since multiple photos and videos can be uploaded, long notes can be published, even documents and data can be shared through Facebook nowadays.
These advantages also come in handy as most of these social media sites are accessible through mobile application in our smartphones.
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media, there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize beforehand.
Studies show that face-to-face meetings are more frequent among people that are addicted to social media.
As a consequence, it affects their interpersonal skills.
People can think while typing and prepare what they want to say but in face-to-face communication, every word that comes out of your mouth and may not be well arranged is the picture of your personality.
This skill requires practice and can not be done completely through social media.
There is a situation where a family is having a dinner together in a restaurant but everybody is busy with their own gadgets, posting pictures on Facebook, updating their status on Twitter, or even chatting with friends.
These social media serve a purpose to bring people together, but it does n't mean that surrounding people are neglected as well.
This is related to the interpersonal skill that is mentioned before, that can be decreasing qualitatively if we are used to facing gadgets, not facing human beings.
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing a selected part of our lives, we create a false image in public.
We tend to only share our happy moments in media.
Because of this, other people start to think that our lives are full of happiness with no problems at all.
Other people are then influenced by us and tend to do the same.
As a result, people think of themselves as less of a burden and may lead to depression and mental health problems.
It also reduces our sympathy.
This is a serious social problem that affects a lot of people.
As explained above, modern and sophisticated technology does n't always give advantages.
There are a lot of disadvantages that people may not realize.
It is up to people's discretion and comprehension to decide which side they want to take.
So, we should never forget to think of the benefits and the losses of every decision that we make.
Nowadays, the advancement of technologies improves the life of many people.
In most of the countries, there is an emergence of social media such as Facebook and Twitter.
Many people think that the social media has benefits on the communication between people, while some others argue that there are several negative impacts for the society.
One of the advantages which are carried by these social media sites is that they can connect us more closely than before.
In the past, decades, when the social media were not yet fully developed, people connected with others who live far away by using a phone, or even a letter.
However, by using a phone, a person can write a letter to a person who is far away, especially if the person lives in a remote area.
The appearance of those social media sites causes those problems to be solved.
People connecting through the social media can spend no money on the communication, and also take only one or a few seconds for the message to reach.
Therefore, this advantage of social media sites saves money and time, and also provides convenience for many people.
Moreover, this also provides an alternative way for people to contact a person whom they did not see for a very long time, such as their friends in primary school and secondary school.
As we graduate from school, we will probably lose contact with some of our friends.
Some of them may have changed their phone numbers and addresses, and we are not able to find them through a phone or a letter.
If phone and letter are the only ways to contact them, we would probably not be able to find them.
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative to make connections between us and our old friends.
Hence, the social media sites serve as a platform for the connection.
Everything that comes with benefits will also have disadvantages.
On the other hand, social media sites also bring some negative impacts for the people and the society.
The advancement of those social media sites makes people so rely on them that some of them prefer using those sites to contact each other than talking to each other face to face.
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought on by social media.
The usage of social media, in general, causes a reduction in face-to-face human communication, which in turn will cause the loss of interpersonal skills for many people.
As we all know, the interpersonal skills are essential for us to communicate with each other and to present our views and ideas.
The loss of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to present their ideas well.
As a result, they will gradually decrease in their ability to compete with each other in the society.
In conclusion, social media sites cause both positive and negative consequences for people and society.
As a part of this modern society, we should learn to distinguish between good and bad impacts brought by the advancement of technologies, and also learn to avoid the cons and maximise the benefits of those systems.
With the advancement of technology in recent years, the need to keep in-touch with people and latest news has become a tremendous demand.
Some of the famous examples would be social media sites like Twitter and Facebook.
With an increasing number of users, more than a billion, from all over the world, social media has demonstrated its success in playing an important part in our lives.
However, there are arguments that social media bring a reduction in face-to-face human contact, which in turn affects interpersonal skills.
Let's examine the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society.
First and foremost, all social media is free.
All user needs are an internet connection and an email account so that everyone can have a Facebook or Twitter account to start their journey in social media life.
Secondly, it helps people to keep in-touch with one another.
Finding old friends through Facebook, for example, is more easier than asking people around you in real life.
Social media helps to lessen the hassle of geographical distance and brings people closer.
Thirdly, social media sites keep us up-to-date on the latest news and events from around the world, all with a click of a button.
Last but not least, social media sites also connect people together by allowing us to create our own groups, pages, or communities to share our hobbies, interests, and studies in particular subjects.
Hence, it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global interconnected world.
However, social media also has its negative side of impact on human beings.
Undoubtedly, it becomes more addictive when we spend more time socialising and interacting with others.
We spend most of our time on websites like Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube, and it affects our daily work productivity and performance.
In the workplace, employers often block social media to prevent employees from spending time on their personal hobbies rather than working on their jobs.
Using text-messaging as an informal way of communicating on the social network also brings in a bad impact for us in a long term.
The more time we spend on these sites, the less time we spend face-to-face interacting with one another.
Hence it lessens valuable interaction between human and time we spend away from the computer screen or mobile phone.
In addition, there are also some false reports and fake IDs that occur on both social media and websites that use fake IDs to insult or harass someone, like the case of Heather Chua, who recently occurred on Facebook.
These malicious comments often go viral and create a strong negative effect on the real user in real life, which might lead to an unwillingness to interact with others in real life by the victim.
In conclusion, everything has its own two-sided effect and it depends on how we use it.
With the current booming technology, it is agreeable that people become more technology-savvy and they want to spend more time interacting with each other through social media, however, it does not mean that we should neglect face-to-face human interaction as it plays even a more important aspect in our life.
As more and more social websites such as Twitter, Facebook, and Weibo have become ubiquitous, seamless, and imperative in our lives, people may worry about the young generation having problems with face-to-face communication skills.
However, I believe that the benefits brought by these online chat rooms outweigh their repercussions.
Social media enables us to explore the world far away without paying expensive airplane tickets and spending a week in paradise.
Convenience is beyond description.
With a small smart phone or a computer at school, at work or at home, we can easily make friends worldwide with a 'click' and get to know about their life through having conversations with them, reading their books, looking at their photos and status.
Compared to face-to-face interaction, online conversation is easier for strangers to open their mouth to each other.
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page, it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about.
Moreover, people usually like to share their real feelings with others online, without their real feelings being taken into account.
This has been indicated in a report done by Boston University in 2012, 80% of information posted online is true while a person may like 3 out of 10 times in real life.
This shows that a Facebook friend may know more about you than your close friend who does not have a Facebook account.
That is because we are acting as we are in reality while we have no reason to do that in the online world.
Although sometimes the sharing of genuine information may be inappropriate or even harmful, such as the widespread use of vulgarity and harsh-meaningful comments, we can minimise these repercussions through stricter regulations of content on the Internet.
Another advantage of social media is the aiding of the spread of democracy.
People around the world could easily share their thoughts about their governments.
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them.
One of the examples is the 2012 riots in Egypt and Zambia.
The idea of searching for democracy is passed from Egypt to Zambian people through the use of social media.
However, as the government control most of the media, these social media may be tools of their campaign and manipulating the thoughts of the public.
For example, in the 2012 general election in Singapore, Dr. Chee Keong made use of Facebook to distribute his campaign videos to the public.
Though because of this, social media is still a much more fair and transparent online platform for the public to share ideas compared to other traditional medias.
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication.
It is commonly seen in a food court or restaurant that a group of people are sitting together around a table with each of them having a cell phone in their hand.
They are too busy with their work to spend time with their friends, and some of them neglect the feelings of their real-life friends.
In this case, I have to say that the erroneous is human.
What we can do is to educate the public about the importance of their friends just by their side and teach them to manage their time well.
In conclusion, the use of social media has more advantages than disadvantages to our daily life.
What we can do is to carefully manage our time spent online and manage our words used online.
With the regulation of the government and the relevant authority, the virtual world would be a better world.
Social media's role in connecting people around the world is undeniable.
Thanks to those social media, the communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease.
Apart from the ease of communication despite the distance, many other advantages such as knowledge sharing and trades can be done through social media as well.
Nevertheless, with those advantages, some disadvantages may appear such as reduction in face-to-face human contact which affects interpersonal skills, privacy issue, as well as some frauds that can be done through social media.
Twitter, Facebook, and WhatsApp are some of the social media websites which enable us to keep in touch with our friends and family who are in other countries or cities.
Through those sites we are able to talk to them, to know what their activities are and who their friends are, etc.
From the surface point of view, it is no doubt that these sites help us to have a better relationship with our relatives, despite the distance.
The sharing of information can be done more quickly through social media, and that is why many news publishers today make their own social media accounts ; for example, Channel News Asia has a YouTube channel and will post its videos on its website.
That shows how actually news and information can be easily shared through social media.
Furthermore, since many teenagers and young adults are fans of social media, this information can reach them easily without them needing to watch or listen to the news.
Due to the popularity of social media, many people started to do their business via these sites.
More and more advertisements can be found on Facebook, whether it is our friends who sell their products or professional brands selling their products online, we can get to buy and contact the sellers through those sites, which can be considered as an advantage for us, the buyers.
However, is it the same when we keep in touch with someone via email compared to when we personally meet them?
I do think there is a difference in it and I believe many of us will agree.
When we write or communicate via text, we can hide our feelings and make ourselves understood by not revealing them to others.
Other than that, sometimes the message of one party can not be delivered properly to the other one since the communication is done through written language, and thus the 'tone' of the message sent and when it is received may be different.
Many people are very brave in telling people about their opinions online but in real life some of them can be very shy and not outspoken at all.
This will lead to a bad inter-personal skill as well as a problem of trusts.
Nowadays we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even 'real'.
Some people fake their identities in order to get more people to know them, and some people may even try to scam others.
In addition, the issue of privacy has become more popular nowadays since some people do not realize that they may actually share some information that they are not willing to share at the first place.
Therefore, while social media are undoubtedly having benefits in our lives, we should consider its drawbacks and thus use it wisely so that we can gain more of their benefits and it disadvantages us in the smallest way possible.
It is a common scene that almost everyone in a public transport is watching a phone or wearing a pair of earpieces in this modern society today.
Not only one but many developed and developing countries have the same picture.
Some say that it is a necessary step for human evolution.
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in order for them to connect to others even from different countries.
It also brings many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communication which is important in their working place.
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life.
One of the significant advantages of using a popular social media platform is that people can reach out to each other easily, even without contact for a long time.
In this fast-paced, competitive world, people may not be able to keep up with the others.
With the help of social media, people are able to upload their new discoveries and funny scenes on it and they can be updated with the new information of their friends.
I personally study in the United States, and my busy schedule keeps me from reaching out to my old friends.
Using a common social media platform with my friends to help me know what are their current statuses.
And I am able to easily find a common topic when I contact them.
In Singapore, many Malaysians cross the sea to work here.
Many of them are busy with work and family responsibilities.
One of the managers in my workplace has the same situation.
After my manager taught her mother how to use Facebook, she was able to upload video clips of her grandson.
Therefore, my manager would not miss the moment of her daughter's growth.
Social media is also a very useful tool for people to start a new friendship or relationship.
People get connected more easily with the same preferences.
It is easier for people to approach the other side after knowing the information.
Students can exchange their experiences in study even if they are in different countries.
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online, therefore others can share the joy with them.
Thus I believe that social media is a useful tool to help people know each other better.
However, social media is a double-sided sword ; it brings in some negative effects on our daily lives.
One of the disadvantages that many people concern is that people lose the interest of face-to-face communication.
Many people like to use language to pretend they are not, and they lose confidence when they talk to each other.
Although not everyone is good at public relations, even without the existence of social media, we can not deny that it does affect some people in their ability to have good interpersonal skills.
In conclusion, the shadow always exists when there is light.
We should take advantage of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects.
Social media sites suppose to be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people closer in this globalised world.
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways of communicating with one another.
Online friends become real life friends and communicate with one another online.
Social media has changed our ways of exchanging information and interacting with people profoundly.
There are advantages and disadvantages in this change.
Social media has reshaped the way of communication.
In real life, we communicate with one another as equal partners.
We share ideas, stories, and form friendships based on mutual respect.
However, communication on social media is largely based on "broadcasting and listening".
When we use Facebook to post pictures and statuses, we are actively presenting "fade" of our lives in front of others.
We tend to post pictures with the best looks, and those that are funny.
We broadcast these facades of ourselves to others.
The images we choose to present are tentatively considered.
The audience is not some specific person, but everyone we know, or even the entire world.
There is an element of seeking attention rather than expressing one's true opinion on social networks.
On the other hand, the viewers are not the listeners.
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and see one of them which they might think is funny.
It is not the broadcasters themselves that they care about, it is the content.
This type of communication does not help in forming interpersonal relationships.
In real life, establishing a friendship requires understanding one another and caring for one another.
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other.
One can not truly understand a person without seeing his/her Facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present.
One can not truly show their emotions by talking about others, but by sending $$ to them.
The broadcasting model and the viewing model are not good for building relationships.
However, it is good for sharing information.
On social media, everyone is a broadcaster and a viewer.
With my social network account, I seldom read newspapers or go to news websites anymore; because I can easily read them from the status of my friends.
If I am interested in politics, I can just follow some political newspapers or public figures.
I get news for sales, clothes and cosmetics from my friends.
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and they post them often, I can simply block them off.
Information is being distributed...
The most popular information gets the most circulation so I can seldom miss it.
Social network plays a role in providing and also filtering information.
This saves a lot of time for me in reading newspapers and watching TV.
I personally feel more at ease on social media.
From the above two points of view, I think social media could forge more interest-based friendships.
With the help of social media, I became friends with those from online forums whom I share the same interest.
I also discover some of my friends' interests which I find common with myself so that talking to one another is much more about life, study, friends, etc.
The communication does not focus on how we feel, or say, to each other, but on whatever is interesting, or the content.
In this case, interpersonal skills are not as important because our goal is not to impress somebody, but to get the information that we are both interested in.
In conclusion, I think social media has reshaped interpersonal relationships from a more human-based friend-ship that requires sharing and caring between friends, to a more information-based friendship that requires a mutual interest.
There are advantages and disadvantages in itself, however, whether it is good or bad we are still not sure.
It's just different. . . It is just different.
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life
People that live in the modern world can not live without the social media like Twitter and Facebook.
Almost all students and young adults possess the Facebook or Twitter account.
It is true that social media makes people be able to connect with each other more conveniently.
However, it seems that, especially for some of those, sharing some parts of their lives such as videos and photos on the social media sites becomes really necessary.
An extremely interesting and peculiar phenomenon was discovered that a group of friends met and sat around one table, but none of them were really chatting with one another.
Instead, all of them were more interested in posting pictures of this "cheerful" meeting on their social media sites.
Therefore, there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media.
Social media enables people from different parts of the world to communicate with one another.
People used to write letters and send postcards to keep in touch with those who live far away from them in the past.
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages.
Nowadays, what people need to do is just type in front of the computer in their own room.
And people on the other side will only need a second to respond to the message.
Distance and time are no longer the problems, which is especially convenient when a chat is needed.
However, when people become more and more addicted to this convenience and fail to communicate with people who are close to them, their face-to-face interpersonal skills are lost.
Social media provides people with a way of talking and chatting which can never be considered as a form of communication.
When one chats with someone on the Internet, there is no eye contact, no emotion, and the expressions are typed in by hand using some combination of punctuation.
For more convenience, sentences are shortened to simply three or four words such as "lol" (which means "laugh intensely") and "asap" ( which means "as soon as possible).
Indeed, people go to great lengths to make their words as short as possible. While, once they are communicating with people in their face, expressing themselves appropriately becomes a really big problem.
Social media also provides people with a huge amount of information about people and things they are interested in.
For example, on Twitter, it is exciting to follow people that you admire like famous movie and series stars, business men and entrepreneurs.
It makes people feel extreme close to their admirers' lives and works.
Updated news about people you care about can be easily obtained when you refresh your social media sites on your smart phones and laptops almost every time at any time.
However, after one has registered in those social media sites which are not reliable, all the information you have filled in will be a weapon against you in the future.
Furthermore, not everyone on the social media is honest.
The profile picture may not be the person that the user says he or she is really.
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to "decorate" their face.
But there is a possibility that the person on the other side is deceiving you in order to obtain your information against you.
No promise of authenticity risks sacrificing people's information and privacy that is shared on social media.
To sum up, social media has advantages and disadvantages in people's daily life.
It shortens the distance between people from all over the world and makes international communication possible.
And it becomes more convenient to obtain and update information by using social media.
On the contrary, social media makes people lose their ability to communicate effectively in their real lives and makes people risk exposing their private information to those whose identities can not be verified on the social media.
How does social media help change our lives?
As the development of the technology, social media became more and more significant role in the whole world.
Everyone in the world can not stop using it every day to express their feelings or ideas and a lot of other stuff which helps their friends know their lives better.
However, it also raised the concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster.
Although it helps us to connect with our friends wherever we are, it at the same time reduces the chance for us to talk to our friends face to face which may affect our interpersonal skills.
Thus, whether there are more advantages or disadvantages becomes a tough question for every human being.
Many people say they will support the social media since it really helps them to have a closer view about how their friends are going in other parts of the world.
This is especially true for people who are abroad.
To them, social media is the only resource they can access to know everything that happens in their home country and the ways they can use to show their lives to their loved ones.
What's more, these days social media plays an important role in spreading the information.
Nowadays, people can just easily put their information on their Facebook account and wait for the response from others who are from different parts of the world, which brings us a huge amount of convenience.
It is quite significant especially for those young teenagers since they would rather go to these websites to see the news and know what happened in this world than read the newspaper every day.
However, there are also a great amount of people who are against this technology.
They worry a lot about the bad effect on the teenagers who are still developing themselves.
They pointed out that social media actually reduces the chance for us to talk to people around us face to face.
The more we care about Facebook, the less time we will have to spend with our friends.
Nowadays, it is quite common to see people on the street looking at their phones and reading the news on Facebook, if they feel bored.
It makes people worry since if all the teenagers continue using the social media frequently, they will decrease the ability to talk to people.
They will feel it becomes difficult for them to find any topic to communicate with other people.
Personally, I agree that social media brings more disadvantages than advantages to us.
Although it is really useful when we need to use it to let other people know we really live a good life, it also wastes a lot of time.
Think of another way, if we put the time we spend on wandering in those places, we may already finish one book or do other more meaningful things.
We should keep in mind that there are still ways for us to contact our families or friends.
Everything will be bad if we do n't know how to use them wisely, no matter whether it is really good or not.
As a result, it is important for people to know that we need to be careful about the time we spend on these social media.
As stated above, I strongly believe that if we can use social media wisely rather than wasting it, we will all live a better life.
The advantage and disadvantage of social media
Nowadays, as the technology is becoming more advanced, more and more social media sites are showing up in our daily life.
You can see people playing Facebook, or using their smart phones, on buses, trains, or other public transportation.
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face.
This essay will illustrate the pros and cons of using social media in modern society.
Firstly of all, social media can make it more convenient for people to make friends and contact each other.
When these modern products were not popular, the way people communicated with other people was still restricted to making phone calls, sending emails, and writing letters.
Some will take long time and some are not efficient enough for people to get their response.
However, social media solves these problems well.
People can contact their friends on the Internet and get their replies very fast.
The communication is also not limited to words.
People can express themselves through pictures or emotions.
People can also get to know their friends'state and mood by looking at their post on line.
Moreover, people can be aware of what is going on in the social situation and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites.
These social media make people's life much more colorful and provide a lot of fun.
However, social media may do some harm to people's lives.
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicating face to face, so that the interpersonal skill will be affected.
Some people spend a lot of time in their cars and forget about their real lives.
Actually, I have seen some people who are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online.
However, they behave quite boring when I talk to them in real life.
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up.
If they spend too much time on these social media, it may cause some problems to their mental development.
They may feel uncomfortable when they communicate with people face to face.
Some may share fewer and fewer time with their family and not knowing how to express themselves.
Moreover, some of the wrong values on the websites will affect teenagers and make them confused.
Some may even do something wrong.
In conclusion, the showing up of social media sites is a double edged sword.
It can make our life simpler.
People can promote their friendship and relationship through these social media. Whereas, it can also make people forget to communicate to their family and friends in the real life and affect negatively to their interpersonal skills.
But overall, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages.
So we need to make the best use of these social media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring and try to bypass the shortcomings.
Keep in mind to send greetings to your friends and family frequently.
Nowadays, with the advancement of technology, it is easy to communicate wherever you are.
The appearance of social media sites connects people deeply.
People can know how their friends are looking recently and what interesting things happen to their friends by checking out their Facebook or other social media profiles.
We can not deny that the social media sites really make the old friends do not lose the information and the chances to communicate with you even if you are in a different country.
However, the social media sites really reduce the communication in face-to-face which really affects the interpersonal skills.
There are two advantages and two disadvantages of using the social media in people's daily life.
Firstly, the social media can connect people with their friends and parents closely.
By typing the words and showing the pictures, people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express.
For example, on Mother's day, people are asked to say "I love you" to their mothers so they can type it on their mother's Facebook page.
Then, his or her mother will also know the emotion and feel the heat.
On the other hand, when the teenager is studying in a foreign country, the internet is the only way that he can communicate with his parents and friends.
Therefore, the social media is really good for people.
Secondly, the social media can not only connect people with their friends closely. People can also know more about the celebrities on the social media, such as Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.
They can learn how these people succeeded and they can also have the chance to talk with them and know these famous persons' thoughts by using the social media.
On the other hand, with the help of social media, some homeless people or someone who needs the money to cure the disease can get the help from the world quickly because once one person knows the information, he or she will share it with their " friends ", then many people will know it and will share it to the person who can give the help.
On the other hand, there are also problems with the population of the social media.
Firstly, when people rely on the social media to communicate with their friends and parents, they will become accustomed to communicating by writing and not talking.
People even prefer to talk to their friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication.
Therefore, the social media really limit the interpersonal skills such that people lose the chance and the ability to practice talking and connect the relation between him and his friends.
Secondly, without the true communication in the real life, people lose the ability to see the truth and false.
There are many people in the social media with beautiful image and good content in their pages, however in real life, he or she may not have jobs or live well.
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheated and lose even their safe.
Therefore, the social media is not safe, which is bad for the teenager's future development.
In all, the appearance of social media helps people in many areas.
However, there are some disadvantages which will affect people in some degree.
Advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life and society.
Nowadays, with the development of technology and society, social media have become more popular and even important in our daily life.
We communicate with others using social media, such as Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube, more and more frequently.
There is no need for people to go out of their homes to interact with others, they can chat online, share pictures, tell others what they have done or tell funny stories.
It seems that people build good relationships with others by using the social media, but the problems come out.
People do not know how to talk to others face to face, especially the strangers.
Then, we need to talk about the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in your daily life and society.
As for the advantages, there are two aspects : more convenience to contact others, easier to know about others.
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others by social media.
In old days, if one wants to tell some important news to another, which one lives far away, he needs to write letters and it wastes time.
The long distance and time-consuming make the sending of the messages very difficult at that time.
Therefore, people may not contact their friends and relatives in far away places unless they are important.
However, people can now contact anyone in the world who can use a computer at any time, and there is no time delay for messages.
The other advantage is that it is easier to know about others by social media.
If there is no social media, it is difficult for people to know about a stranger.
They may collect information about a person by asking friends, colleagues, or family members.
And the information that is collected may not be accurate or true.
Unlike today, with the help of social media, people can easily get the information they want just by searching on line, and know about what that person did everyday at what time.
As for the disadvantages of social media in our daily life, wasting time, causing illness related to sitting too long on the computer, and the quick-spread of fake news, most importantly, it makes people lose their ability to talk to others face to face and confidently.
It is weird that people sit around the table but all face to their phones and do not talk with each other.
If there is a joke on their Facebook page, they may talk to others in this way, "hey, look, how ridiculous this is", and then they laugh together.
No matter if it is a party, dinner, or just a get-together, there are always some people who bow down and play with their phones even when their family and friends are in front of them.
In a conclusion, there are both advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life.
People should enjoy the advantages of social media while being aware of the disadvantages of that and trying to avoid the disadvantages that happen to them and their friends and family.
Today, the world is considered to be the era of social media, with websites like Facebook and Twitter connecting people around the world.
However, some people worry that social network can affect interpersonal skills as it reduces face-to-face human contact.
The advantages and disadvantages of using such social media in the society are explained as follows.
Nobody can deny social media's advantages as the benefit it provides in connecting people regardless of nationalities, races, cultures and languages.
Social media is a growing channel and a suitable means of communication.
Firstly, social media brings convenience to the world.
It has erased the boundaries of distance and time.
No more worries about the time it takes to deliver letters and packages.
Nowadays, thanks to the help of social media, with just one click, you can contact your family and friends wherever you want.
You can share photos, videos, and other meaningful experiences with your friends.
More important, it is cheap and easy to use social media.
Secondly, social media open the door of opportunities for people due to its great benefits in connecting.
A lot of fresh graduate can find jobs thanks to Facebook and Twitter.
Young people can widen their relationships, meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world.
In the business area, social media is a good tool to develop and market products and services.
On the other hand, social media also has disadvantages which have created worries to the society recently and made it a controversial phenomenon.
More and more young people tend to live in the social media world most of their time and reduce face-to-face human contact, which can affect their interpersonal skills and relationships in social life.
First and foremost, we should realize that social media is not trustworthy and real.
Everyone can easily make up their own personality and characteristics.
They can become anyone.. . They can become anything.
Though social media do create relationships, relationships and friendships, they are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction.
There is a story of a girl who lives in a social media world every night in her eight years.
In the chat room, she created a close relationship with eight people.
She talked with them every night, trusting them and sharing her life with them.
Then, eventually, she discovered that eight people became one as he was using eight different identities to chat with her all the time.
Furthermore, the convenience of social media is also its weakness.
A lot of people use their true information on social media, which can lead to crimes and deception.
People can use the information to deceive family and friends and bank to do bad things such as blackmail, ATM theft and so on.
Last but not least, social media does affect human interpersonal skills when people increase the time on social media and reduce the chance to expose to daily social activities as well as interacting with people.
Recently, research has shown that the more people spend time on social media, the less likely they are to become ambitious.
As a result, if the situation continues in this unexpected way, it will cause a bad effect on the young generation.
To put it in the nutshell, everything has its own pros and cons.
So does social media.. . So does social network.
It is not only convenient and beneficial to connect people, but it can also damage people's relationships and interpersonal skills.
Social media is only beneficial as long as we know how to use it in a correct and suitable way with the combination of both social media sites and daily life interaction to develop people's potentials to the fullest.