For example, if a carrier is told that he/she has a risk of developing diabetes, he or she will probably not have it.
In this case, the carrier can eat less candy and chocolates to prevent the intake of too much sugar, and at the same time, if the carrier tells this information to the relatives, it will be useful for them to know that they may have diabetes in the future because of related genes and they can perform the same exercise to intake less sugar to prevent the disease.
Otherwise, if the other parties did not know, they may end up with a disease in the future without any preventive measures.
In conclusion, we could tell that the benefits of telling the genetic risk to the relatives outweighs the costs.
Therefore, it would be better for the carrier to be obligated to tell the information to the relatives, in order to let them know and prevent the potential disease through daily exercise.
Among all the different kinds of diseases, a large amount of different disorders are caused by genetic reasons.
Genetic disorders may or may not be hereditary diseases and it is sometimes hard to find out if one has these kinds of diseases.
It is a long-term discussion that whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives that his or her disease is caused by that gene.
From the legal aspect, the answer is no, but from the ethical aspect, it should be yes.
We cannot make a law to force a carrier of a known genetic risk to tell his or her relatives about this genetic problem.
Firstly, someone has to decide what kind of disease he or she has.
Privacy is a human right.
If a law requires someone to tell others' private information, especially when one is not willing to do so, then it is a crime.
It is against his or her human rights and it is against the law's spirit.
The law's spirit also includes fairness.
What is the basic difference between a genetic disease and other disorders?
It is unfair to release a law only to point out the genetic disorder.
In addition, it is impractical to make such a law.
A good law should be clear and easy to implement.
However, there are many problems with the execution of asking a carrier to tell his or her relatives the cause of his or her diseases.
Firstly, what is the range of the relatives?
For example, does the carrier need to tell only his or her direct relatives like parents and brothers and sisters or does he also need to tell relatives like his grandmother's sister's son's daughter's nephew?
If you say you need to tell only direct relatives, it will be against the fairness of the law.
Other relatives may have the same possibility to have such a disease.
How can a law be made by the government to exclude such a group of people from preparing to face their potential disease?
However, from the ethical point of view.
To the carrier himself or herself, he or she should have a feeling of responsibility to tell his or her relatives their genetic disease.
By doing this, they may be able to save some of their lives.
It is because a carrier with a bad gene may not necessarily have the disease, if they can have a corresponding healthy lifestyle before the age that the gene's function becomes stronger.
A typical example is genetically caused hypertension.
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make it harder for the carrier to digest the salt and blood that can cause it.
People usually get this kind of hysteria after they become adults.
However, if they already know how a gene works, they may have a better chance of getting the mutation.
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus avoid high blood pressure.
In a nutshell, our society can not push the genetic problem carrier to tell his or her disease to his or her relatives but he or she should be willing to tell his/her relatives about his or her genetic problem.
By doing so, less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem.
In the era of fast technological advancement, a lot of medical breakthroughs are made possible.
Genetic testing is made possible and available for one's decision to undergo.
It is able to detect the diseases or the diseases and even the child's parents.
However, it will become a controversial issue as it becomes a dilemma for a carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives.
If the knowledge of the genetic risk was to be shared within the family or relatives, there might have chances for them to have it in their blood, which they may do necessary precautions to prevent .
But, if it is a terminal disease as a genetic disease, most of the relatives will be disheartened upon having the knowledge about it.
Therefore, some will have the opinion of keeping it a secret.
This essay will discuss whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives or not.
Some said that the genetic risk that is found in a person should be kept secret because it is considered as a personal information which should be kept confidential.
Most patients will be depressed after realising their conditions.
If one has a genetic disease, after the test, he or she might not want to inform the relatives as he might end up disheartening his extended family.
Some will wish to keep it to themselves and hope to ensure that they will not bring any pessimism into their family.
Furthermore, some will not wish to become a burden to anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively cheap.
Hence, some see it as being considerate in keeping the genetic risk of getting the disease in check.
