Genetic risk refers to your chance of inherited a disease or condition.
People get certain diseases because of genetic changes.
If your genetic results show that you do not have changes associated with an increased risk of heart disease, it is still possible that you develop heart disease.
However, for some rare diseases, people who have certain gene changes are guaranteed to develop the disease.
When we are diagnosed with a certain genetic disease, are we supposed to disclose this result to our relatives?
On one hand, we do not want this potential danger causing costly effects in our families' lives later.
When people around us know that we got a certain disease, their attitude will be changed ; they will either care too much about us or keep away from us.
And both are not what we want since most of us just want to live as normal people.
Surrounded by such concerns, it is very likely that we are distracted to worry about these problems.
It is a concern that will be with us throughout our lives, because we will never know when the " potential " bomb will explode.
On the other hand, if there are ways that can help us control or cure the disease, we can go through these processes from the perspective of the whole family.
For example, if exercising is helpful for the family, we can always look for more opportunities for the family to exercise.
And we keep track of all family health conditions.
At the same time, we are prepared to know when there are other members got this disease.
Here I want to share Forest's view on this issue.
Although some people feel that an individual who is found to carry a dominant gene for Huntington's disease has an ethical obligation to disclose that fact to his or her siblings, there is currently no legal requirement to do so.
In fact, requiring someone to communicate his or her own genetic risk to family members who are also at risk is considered by many to be ethically dubious.
No one is absolute right or wrong.
If a certain disease has a genetic test that is very accurate and is necessary to get treated, it is OK to disclose the result.
Above all, life is more important than work.
Genetic risk does carry its consequences and should not be taken lightly within the family circle.
After all, what affects one family may or may not affect another although the families has a common genetic make up, shared by either of the parents.
In cases where an individual has gotten to know of a genetic disease, disclosing it, or otherwise, to his or her relative is a matter of preference within the individual's moral system.
The issue of whether one has the right to know or not is highly debatable ; although it is a genetic risk, one cannot be entirely sure because the genetic information could possibly result from the families of either parents - either maternal and paternal uncles, aunts or cousins.
This also means that as soon as a person is made aware of his or her genetic profile, he or she has a contemporaneous knowledge about others.
This knowledge may be relevant to them, and vice versa.
Do those who suffer from this disease keep it a secret from their relatives?
In retrospect, it is also one's responsibility to ensure that he or she undergoes periodic health check-ups in order to remain healthy.
Sometimes, some family structure and cultural beliefs can influence the pattern of communication.
Depending on whom the genetic risk was discovered from : the son or daughter for example, the parents who know about this would decide who gets told and whom takes the precedence in being 'allowed' to tell.
For example, within a family, regardless of who has first received genetic information, parents were seen as having the primary responsibility to pass on information to any offspring, either adult or at risk.
In addition, a woman testing positive for BRCA1 would be expected to allow her brother or sister to disclose such information to a niece or nephew rather than do it herself, although this may be further complicated by an individual's response to risk information as they do not want to know.
Hence, there were also tensions if the participants felt that they could neither pass on information to relatives who needed to know (such as nieces and nephews) nor persuade those with authority (the parents) to do so.
The notion of authority is also extended 'vertically'.
From a practitioner's perspective these findings are important because if lay constructs of the family and kinship are a social construct they may not be in line with geneticists' views of family relationships, or about which blood (or non-blood) relatives should be informed and by whom; this is also likely to be dependent on the cultural and ethnic context.
Ultimately, one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure.
Whose duty it is to inform relatives at risk or not depends greatly on the personal moral and the nature of the 'direction' the risk is to them.
People with close blood relationship generally carry some similar genes.
In this case, if one of the family members or close relatives is found to have a genetic risk, it is better for the patient to tell his/her close relatives about the issue and let others know about the risk so that his/her family members are able to perform some daily tests to prevent the potential disease or they may go to hospital and check for the corresponding signs.
In my opinion, although the implication of carrying a genetic risk involves the issue of self-identity, it is necessary for the carrier to be obligated to tell the issue to his or her relatives in order for them to prevent the potential disease.
Focus on the negative side of the identification of risk factors.
Many large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance to carry certain diseases.
Especially for the young people without marriage, if he/she is known to have some genetic risk, it may have certain chance that his/her child would carry the same disease, but not in certain.
Therefore, keeping the information secret would help the relationship.
Secondly, the potential risk would cause the family member to be scared of this certain issue, although the factor would not be that serious, people would still fear that they would have some potential disease in the future and thus go to hospital and do additional check up or take more medicine in order to prevent the disease, and this creates unnecessary costs to the family.
Furthermore, the occurrence of genetic risk would affect the relationship with the relatives as sometimes others may think not to stay too close to the carrier so that they have less chance to get the potential disease.
On the other hand, if the genetic risk is kept as a secret, although it may benefit the carrier to a certain extent and help keep the privacy, but it has much larger negative impacts to the family members and relatives.
First, in the case of marriage, people should be truthful and tell their partners that they may carry a certain genetic risk that may affect their offspring.
It is better to let the other party know than to let the baby be born with a certain type of genetic disease.
Secondly, genetic disease has a close relationship with the birth gene and with their daily habits.
