From Curious Meerkat to Dancing Pheasants: Incredible Images Shortlisted for Wildlife Photographer of the Year People’s Choice Award
“Omicron variant could outcompete Delta,” says a South African disease expert.
Rivers of lava continue to pour from Spain’s La Palma volcano.
Barbadians celebrate the birth of a republic with a dazzling display of dance.
On Monday, Russia successfully tested its Zircon hypersonic cruise missile, a weapon President Putin hailed as part of a “new generation of unrivalled arms systems.”
The EU chief calls for a debate on making COVID-19 jabs mandatory.
Total Solar Eclipse to Super New Moon: December 4 Lined up With Celestial Events for Stargazers
How did mountains such as Mount Everest and Kangchenjunga form? A study finds the answer in oceans.
Senators say, “The US must strengthen space debris monitoring.”
Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal has to walk a tightrope when it comes to India.
Sensex, Nifty Edge Higher on Auto, Pharma Boost; Omicron Woes Cap Gains
Cryptocurrency Prices Today: Bitcoin Just Above $57,000; Ether Rises Sharply
It shows significant advances in the organic chemistry or molecular design aspects of chemical biology, catalysis, supra- and macromolecular chemistry, theoretical chemistry, mechanism-oriented physical organic chemistry, medicinal chemistry, or natural products.
Explosion rocks southern Iraqi city of Basra; casualties have been reported.
From skiing to paddle boarding, Santas are on an adventurous spree as Christmas nears.
“Next pandemic could be more lethal than COVID-19,” warns a vaccine creator.
Indonesia’s Semeru volcano spews a huge ash cloud.
Santa for Sharks: Divers Dressed as Santa Claus Feeding Fish in Budapest Aquarium
Today, it is known that, in addition to their practical and economic values, green plants are indispensable to all life on Earth: through the process of photosynthesis, plants transform energy from the Sun into the chemical energy of food, which makes all life possible.
Even in prehistoric times, humans somehow recognized intuitively that some important relation existed between the Sun and plants.
At a high level, the brain can be divided into the cerebrum, brainstem, and cerebellum.
It is covered with ridges (gyri) and folds (sulci).
The two halves join at a large, deep sulcus (the interhemispheric fissure, also known as the medial longitudinal fissure) that runs from the front of the head to the back.
The midbrain (or mesencephalon) is a very complex structure having a range of different neuron clusters (nuclei and colliculi), neural pathways, and other structures.
The pons is the origin for 4 of the 12 cranial nerves, which enable a range of activities such as tear production, chewing, blinking, vision focus, balance, hearing, and facial expression.
The pons, the Latin word for “bridge,” is the connection between the midbrain and the medulla.
New studies are exploring the cerebellum’s roles in thoughts, emotions, and social behaviors, as well as its possible involvement in addiction, autism, and schizophrenia.
Three layers of protective covering called meninges surround the brain and the spinal cord.
The pituitary gland governs the function of other glands in the body.
The pituitary gland governs the function of other glands in the body, regulating the flow of hormones from the thyroid, adrenals, ovaries, and testicles.
The digestive system consists of a foregut formed from the mouth region.
Insects have segmented bodies, jointed legs, and external skeletons (exoskeletons).
The many-segmented abdomen contains the digestive, excretory, and reproductive organs.
The orders that contain the greatest numbers of species are Coleoptera (beetles), Lepidoptera (butterflies and moths), Hymenoptera (ants, bees, and wasps), and Diptera (true flies).
The wingspan of the Hercules moth can be as large as 27 cm.
The National Aubudon Society Collection
Thinkstock has moved to Istock.
Many plants depend on insects for pollination.
The cochineal, or carmine, from Dactylopius scale insects found on Mexican cacti was used for dying cloths by the Aztecs and is used today as a dye in food items, cosmetics, drugs, and textiles.
This is true of insects such as dermestid beetles and various tineid moths that ecologically are latecomers to carcasses.
This has occurred in the United States with the oystershell scale (Lepidosaphes ulmi) of apple and other fruit trees.
There are hundreds of pest species of this type, both in larvae and in adults, among orthopterans, homopterans, heteropterans, coleopterans, lepidopterans, and dipterans.
Some blowflies also invade the tissue of living animals including humans, a condition known as myiasis.
An example of an insect that causes this condition is the screwworm fly (Cochliomyia) found in the Southern United States and Central America.
Biological methods of pest management have become increasingly important as the use of undesirable insecticides decreases.
Depending on the species, this may be accomplished either by swallowing air and then constricting muscles in the body to exert pressure on the cap or by having an expandable region on the head. (Many Diptera have a ptilinum.)
In the most primitive wingless insects (apterygotes) such as the silverfish Lepisma saccharina, there is almost no change in form throughout growth to the adult.
They are known as ametabolous insects.
Larvae, which vary considerably in shape, are classified into five forms: eruciform (caterpillar-like), scarabaeiform (grublike), campodeiform (elongated, flattened, and active), elateriform (wireworm-like), and vermiform (maggot-like).
The three types of pupae are obtect, with appendages more or less glued to the body; exarate, with appendages free and not glued to the body; and coarctate.
Throughout the young larval stages, a small gland behind the brain, called the corpus allatum, secretes juvenile hormone (also known as neotenin).
Certain scales (androconia) on the wings of many male butterflies function in this way.
Modified mechanical sense organs in the cuticle are called campaniform organs.
A single queen in the hive secretes a pheromone known as the queen substance (oxodecanoic acid).
At the back of the head and in the thorax, hardened ingrowths of the cuticle, known as apodemes, act as a kind of internal skeleton for muscular attachment.
The tarsal segments often carry claws with adhesive pads between them (arolia or pulvilli).
The wings of the middle segment of the thorax have become thick and horny and serve as protective sheaths (elytra) for the membranous hindwings.
In leaping insects (e.g., grasshoppers and fleas), the force of muscle contraction is used to compress a pad of an elastic protein known as resilin.
Insects that feed solely on some restricted diet have special cells called mycetocytes that harbour symbiotic microorganisms.
The termination of the midgut is marked by the attachment of the malpighian tubules.
The products of digestion are discharged into the hemocoel or a general body cavity.
Central pontine myelinolysis from rapid correction of hyponatremia can result in seizures, ataxia, and disturbed consciousness.
Hemiballismus results from damage to the subthalamic nucleus.
Wallenberg stroke occurs in the spinothalamic tract, spinal trigeminal tract, hypothalamospinal tract, and vestibular nuclei.
The vestibulocochlear nerve facilitates balance and hearing.
The glossopharyngeal nerve allows taste, facilitates ear and throat movement, and has several other functions.
The external carotid arteries extend up to the sides of the neck and are where one can feel the pulse when one touches the area with the fingertips.
You may have no symptoms in the early stages of cardiomyopathy.
The filet mignon was delicious, although rather expensive.
We created miles of new bike lanes to appease cycling activists.
His bookshelves are organized in a totally arbitrary way.
Another zombie movie? These films are so banal.
A bemused expression came over his face when I asked if he knew what “banal” meant.
Let us see if she can hit the benchmark score in Tetris!
I love Keanu Reeves because of his off-screen candor.
I suffer from chronic lower back pain.
I loved her first album, but her second one just feels so contrived.
The word “colloquial” refers to language that is used in an ordinary or informal, rather than formal, way.
I will be compelled to tell the truth.
It is 20 miles to the next gas station, but we only have 15 miles left in the tank. This is quite the conundrum we are in.
The student showed a deferential attitude toward her teacher.
The Rocky Horror Picture Show is a cult classic.
Kate was faced with quite a dilemma.
The world is so unfair; it makes me feel like we are living in some kind of dystopia.
Come on, that is an egregious error!
She is a millennial, so she is very entitled.
I am empathetic to what she is going through.
She was the epitome of elegance and grace.
My regard for you is exponentially increasing.
I am having an existential crisis.
I meant that facetiously.
How fortuitous it was for us to meet on the street like that.
Are we going to impeach the president?
The north and south sides of the city are totally incongruous.
You better not put that plastic cup near the open flame. It is highly inflammable.
John McEnroe is infamous for his aggressive behavior on the tennis court.
How ironic that an off-duty police officer ran someone over with their vehicle?
My doctor used too much medical jargon.
The doctor gave me some painkillers to help mitigate my headache.
That is a completely moot point.
Her story does not have even a modicum of truth.
Jack had a myriad of ideas that he presented at the meeting.
I have to take out the trash—that smell is nauseous.
The reporter really captured the nuance of her story.
It is a paradox that you sometimes need to be cruel to be kind.
She finished the assignment in a perfunctory manner.
I perused the article you sent me, but I do not agree with that argument about healthcare.
The plethora of dating sites out there make it so challenging to know where to begin.
In the state of West Virginia, coal mining has practically become an obsolete industry.
Some would say that a “deafening silence” is an oxymoron.
You do not need to call circles “round.” That is redundant.
She was quick to point out the stark differences between our careers.
That ruling was a travesty.
This beef stew just hits you with that delicious umami.
If you knew the definition of every word on this list, then you must have an impressive grasp on the English vernacular.
The pituitary gland governs the function of other glands in the body, regulating the flow of hormones from the thyroid, adrenals, ovaries, and testicles.
The products of digestion are discharged into the hemocole or a general body cavity.
Kate was faced with quite a dilemma.
The world is so unfair that it makes me feel like we are living in some kind of dytopia.
She was the epitome of elegance and grace.
My regard for you is exponentially increasing.
You better not put that plastic cup near the open flame. It is highly inflammable.
The doctor gave me some painkillers to help mitigete my headache.
A buildup of fatty plaques in your arteries or atherosclerosis (ath-ur-o-skluh-ROE-sis) can damage your blood vessels and heart.
A buildup of fatty plaques in your arteries or atherosclerosis (ath-ur-o-skluh-ROE-sis) can damage your blood vessels and heart.
During contraction (systol), your ventricles squeeze tight.
Causes of Coronery Artery Disease
Causes of Heart Arhythmias
Excessive Use of Alcohol or Coffeine
High levels of cholestrol in your blood can increase the risk of plaque formation.
You might not be diagnosed with coronary artery disease until you have a heart attack.
This course is designed to train students in the core garment manufacturing technology with emphasis on best practices in apparel production.
Being a fashion aspirent, are you familiar with what does haute couture, lookbook, or mandarin collar mean?
Under this idea, customers are given nearly ten staple cloth pieces such as trousers, coats, and blouses that are mixed and matched for maximizing outfit potential.
It is the contor of a clothing piece.
The fabric adheres and cascades over the curves because it is cut diagonally, thereby creating a flattering shape.
Stitching or Embrodering One Fabric Onto Another
It is a flattering cut, elonggating the arms and covering the shoulders.
The cerebelum (“little brain”) is a fist-sized portion of the brain.
At the bottom of the brainstem, the medulla is where the brain meets the spinal cord.
These cross-sections of the brain and spinal cord show the grey and white matter.
The medial longitudinal fisure runs from the front of the head to the back.
Parkinson’s disease affects dopamine neurons and parts of the basal ganglia.
Three layers of protective covering called maninges surround the brain and the spinal cord.
The pia mater is a thin membrane that hugs the surface of the brain and follows its contours.
The pituitary gland is a pea-sized structure found deep in the brain behind the bridge of the nose.
The pinal gland is located deep in the brain and attached by a stalk to the top of the third ventricle.
The pineal gland responds to light and dark and secretes melatonin, which regulates circadian rhythms and the sleep-wake cycle.
The facial nerve supports face movement, taste, and glandulor and other functions.
The surface of the tectum is covered with four bumps representing two paired structures: the superior and inferior colliculli.
Additionally, cranial nerve nuclei in the pons are involved in several other functions, including swallowing, tear production, hearing, and maintaining balance/equilibrium.
It is the world’s largest and most trusted free online thesarus.
The dictionary by Marriam Webster is America’s most trusted online dictionary for English word definitions, meanings, and pronunciations.
Hybrid paladium nanoparticles and a nickel single-atom catalyst are required for efficient electrocatalytic ethanol oxidation.
SAC exhibited an outstanding electrocatalytic durability by chonoamperometric tests.
HLHS require both atrial and ventricular level communications and a patent duct as arteriosus.
Children with congenital heart disease are prone to cardiac arrest.
Many Possible Repaired Lesions or Combinations Theorf
Atrial flutter or atrial fibrillation is most common.
The decision to pursue post-operative imaging for children suffering from congenital cardiac disease, who require antiplatellet agents or anticoagulation therapy, must be considered.
Measurement of Fractional Exhauled Nitric Oxide (FeNO): Comparison of Three Different Analysers
Of 100 asthma patients (median age: 53 years (range 20–87)), 62% were female and 86% were on inhaled cortiocosteroids.
Type 2-driven airway inflammation is a hallmark of bronchial asthma.
Use of Exhaled Nitric Oxide Concentration to Identify Eospinophilic Airway
Titrating Steoids on Exhaled Nitric Oxide in Children With Asthma
The Google Calendar app helps you spend less time managing your schedule and more time enjoying it.
In digital imaging, a pixel, pel, or picture element is the smallest addressable element in a raster.
An embedded system is a microprocessor-based computer hardware system with software.
DCTs are widely used for encoding, decoding, video coding, audio coding, multiplixing, control signaling, signaling, analog-to-digital conversion, and formatting luminance.
The acquisition could be as simple as being given an image that is in digital form.
It is a combination of a computer processor, computer memory, and input/output peripheral devices.
The bankruptcy process begins with a petition filed by the debtor, which is most common.
Many banks have strong protections against fraudulent transactions.
To cash or deposit a check, you must sign your name on the back. This is known as endorsement.
This is a ruduimentary savings account that requires no minimum balance to enjoy benefits such as net banking and online fund transfer.
The minimum reserve required by the bank to maintain in the form of gold is called statutory liquidity ratio.
A debtor is an individual or organization that owes money to the bank or any other financial institution.
A bank ombudsman is the authority to look into complaints.
This is an assessment of an individual’s past credit history equated into a number between 300 and 900.
Forwarding, change return, and address correction service included within a mail class constitute ancillary services.
An affidavit is a sworn statement made by a party in writing.
Atestation is authentication of a signature by an authorized person.
An intervenar is a person who is not a party to the proceedings, with the permission of the court.
An intellectual is a person who engages in critical thinking.
A podcast is a digital file that normally contains audio- or videorecording and is available on the Internet as well.
Typically, you enter anonymous as a username and your e-mail address as a password.
Wired Equivelent Privacy (WEP) is a security protocol used in Wi-Fi networks.
Three-dimensional homogeneous coordinates are needed.
Read the image and convert it into grayscale with MATHLAB.
Discrete cosine transform is usually called DCT.
Gray level distribution problem can be improved by histolgram equalization.
Smoothing method can be implemented with mask and convoltion.
Software developers, engineers, and scientists develop fatigue detection software using various physiological cues to determine the state of fatigue or drowsiness.
The measurement of brain activity (electroencephelogram) is widely accepted as the standard in fatigue monitoring.
Numerous microcontrolers have been developed for embedded system use.
Examples of devices that may adopt this approach are ATMs and arcade machines.
Prominent examples of this approach include Arduino and Raperry Pi.
Some embedded systems are predominantly controlled by interrupts.
This method brings the system close to a multitasking kernel with discrete processes.
A common example of embedded monollithic kernels is embedded Linux.
The scientific study of language is called linguistics.
Any language can be encoded into secondary media using auditory, visual, or tactile stimuli – for example, in writing, whistling, singing, or braille.
Noam Chomsky is the originator of the generative theory of grammer, who has defined language as the construction of sentences.
It is the study of grammar as a dynamic phenomena, as structures are always in the process of changing as they are employed by their speakers.
They employ grammatical and semantic categories, such as nouns and verbs.
Distinctions Between Syntagam and Paradigm
It is located in the posterior section of the superior temporal gyrups in the dominant cerebral hemisphere.
People with a lesion in this area develop expressive apasia.
Suprasegmental phenomena encompass elements such as stress, phonasion, voice timbre, and prosody or intonation.
These are the structures that are visible in a spectrogram of the recorded sound wave.
It is clear that the word “amatorculist” has not received the attention it deserves.
The word is almost entirely unknown outside of dictionaries, and lexicographers seem to take a certain vicious glee in defining it.
Dovecotes may be free-standing structures in a variety of shapes or built into the end of a house or barn.
Comminuted fracture is a broken bone that shatters into many pieces.
Remission means the disease is not getting worse, and it should not to be confused with being cured. 
It is ridiculous that the media referred to a bruise as a contusion, or a scrape as an abrasion.
Anosognosia is the inability to recognize a defect or disorder that is clinically evident.
Anastomosis refers to the joining together of adjacent tubes.
Choanal opening is the opening from the nasal cavity into the roof of the mouth. Choanal means “funnel-like.”
The Phanerozoic Eon is divided into three eras: Paleozoic, Mesozoic, and Cenozoic.
Coelom is a cavity that develops very early in the embryo and later divides into pericardial, pleural, and peritoneal cavities.
Homeothermic animals regulate their temperature to maintain a generally constant temperature of their deep organs.
Phagocyte is a white blood cell with the ability to engulf and consume foreign bodies such as bacteria.
Poikilothermic animals do not maintain a relatively constant deep body temperature. As a result, their body temperature varies with their environmental temperature.
Serosa is a thin membrane that lines the closed cavities of the body.
The Phanerozoic Eon is defined by the International Commission on Stratigraphy (ICS) by reference to the stratigraphy in particular locations around the world.
Caduceus is a symbol with a short staff entwined by two serpents sometimes surmounted by wings, while the Rod of Asclepius is the one with a single snake.
Anxiogenic
Bradykinesia refers to slow or difficult movement or reflexes.
A fasciculation, or muscle twitch, is a spontaneous, involuntary muscle contraction and relaxation, involving fine muscle fibers.
Heloma is having a callus on your foot. If it is soft, it is referred to as heloma molle, and if it is hard, it is referred to as heloma durum.
Gossypiboma refers to a foreign object, such as a mass of cotton matrix or a sponge, inadvertently left in the body cavity at the end of a surgery or operation.
Paresthesia refers to the tingling or prickling sensation of the skin.
Procidentia refers to the descent of any internal organ.
Onychocryptosis is a medical term used to refer to an ingrown toenail.
Lachrymation refers to crying or having tears.
Obdormition is the feeling of numbness that occurs when a limb falls “asleep.”
Remission is a condition where an existing disease is not getting worse and should not be confused with being cured.
An anachronism is a chronological inconsistency in some arrangement.
Archantology is the study of historical offices and important positions in state.
Pollex is the thick, short innermost digit of the forelimb.
Celiac means of, in, or belonging to the cavity of the abdomen.
Pleural effusion is the build-up of excess fluid between the layers of the pleura outside the lungs.
Carpopedal spasms are frequent and involuntary muscle contractions in the hands and feet.
Acaulescent is having no apparent stem or at least none visible above the ground surface.
Accumbent means that one edge of the cotylidon lies along the radicle.
Accumbent means that one edge of the cotyledon lies along the radicle.
On land, agochoric plants used to be common in ports.
Semi-amplexicaul refers to a stem that is partially enclosed by the leaf base.
Anastomosis is the fusion between the branches of the same or different hyphae.
Aphlebia are irregular leaf endings commonly found in ferns and fossils.
Archegonium is a multicellular structure or organ of the gametophyte phase of certain plants.
All colonies were composed of baciliform cells and showed the ability to utilize methanol as a sole carbon source.
Baculiform is a kind of shape.
It maintains a caespitose growth pattern and is often multi-trunked.
In dicot and gymnosperm trees, the vascular cambium is the obvious line separating the bark and wood.
It has a campanulate (like a bell) to convex shape, later becoming flattened, with a very blunt umbo.
Carpopodium is a receptacular elongation of the base of the gynoecium.
The intervertebral joints are further complicated by the interposition of a cartilagenous or fibrous pad or ring.
The first and the second glumes are nearly equal, rather chartaceous.
The fourth glume is lanceolate, acute, sub-chartaceous, or paleate. Palea is similar in texture to the glume.
Most ferns are circinate in the bud.
The worms colonize the methane ice and appear to survive by gleaning bacteria, which in turn metabolize the clatharate..
The basal third of the hindwings is concolourous with the forewing.
Crateriform is having the form of a bowl or saucer.
Cremnophyte is any plant that is adapted to growing on cliffs, especially in crevices.
Both the harvesting effort and the elaiosome consumption decline when seeds are offered the next week and completely cease during the following weeks.
The volva is present as felty, floccose patches, 25 mm wide and up to 1 mm thick.
Frutescent is having the appearance or habit of a shrub.
The bright-green glabrous leaves are broad and oblong.
In some circumstances, the sap will be forced from the leaf through a hydathode in a phenomenon known as guttation.
The main focus here is to contrast probabilities of invasion of self-compatibility alleles in gynodiocious and hermaphrodite populations.
The haustorium is the part of the broomrape that attaches the parasite to the host and grows into the host’s vascular system.
Neophyte
The smell is noxious. It is industrial and chemical rather than agricultural.
There are fine, spreading hairs on the leafstalks, and the leaflets are obcordate and toothed.
The most striking general change has been against seeing in the facts of ontogeny any direct evidence as to phylogeny.
Phytomelanin (phytomelan) is a black, inert, organic material that forms a crust-like covering of some seeds, which is commonly found in Asparagales.
There is a sprinkling of little islets along the shore here, one of which is the Samphire Isle.
In squamules, the surface is also finely fibrillose with tiny scales.
The darkness is accentuated by the low tomentum and low hairiness.
The observer in passing northwards along the axis of that anticline finds himself getting into progressively higher strata as the fold sinks down.
All over the bocage, you could see chicken-shed doors, front gates, and plaster walls all painted like tanks.
Together with the neighboring settlements of Redruth and Pool, it forms the largest urban conurbation in Cornwall.
Another range, or escarpment, crosses the state from east to west, but it is broken into two principal divisions, with each having several local names.
The classical tower karst of the Guilin area of Southern China is somewhat different.
Imaginext toys promote imagination by creating toys that inspire children’s minds to meander through mythical times and scenarios.
The lowland (taiga) in the east comprises a plain with flat-topped hills covered by taiga vegetation with large open areas.
From this egg in the spring emerges an apterous female who makes a gall in the new leaf and lays therein a large number of eggs.
An effective method for improving oil recovery by commercial biogenesis of microorganisms has been developed.
Bivoltine means producing two broods in a season — used especially of silkworms.
They classed this insect under Coleptera.
Saprophagous refers to feeding on or obtaining nourishment from decaying organic matter.
Ubiquist is a species that is not bound to any particular habitat.
Voltinism is a term used in biology to indicate the number of broods or generations of an organism in a year.
Agoraphobia refers to an extreme fear of being in public places or open spaces from which escape may be difficult or embarrassing.
Broca’s area is the region of the brain that translates thoughts into speech or sign.
Bulimia nervosa is an eating disorder characterized by binge eating followed by measures to purge the body of the excess calories.
Catharsis is the process of expressing strongly felt, but usually repressed, emotions.
Centration is a thought pattern that is common during the beginning of the preoperational stage of cognitive development. It is characterized by the child’s inability to take more than one perceptual factor into account at the same time.
Chunking is the process of taking single items of information and recoding them on the basis of similarity or some other organizing principles.
Coclea is the primary organ of hearing. It is a fluid-filled coiled tube located in the inner ear.
The use of electroconvulsive shock is an effective treatment for severe depression.
Fovea is the area of the retina that contains densely packed cones and forms the point of sharpest vision.
Mnemonics refers to strategies or devices that use familiar information during the encoding of new information to enhance subsequent access to the information in memory.
Coelom is a cavity that develops very early in the embryo that later divides into pericardial, pleural, and peritoneal cavities. 
For transducers, the fiducial value is the span.
Ampacity is the current in amperes that a conductor can carry continuously under given conditions of use without exceeding its temperature rating.
Gassing commonly results from local action (self-discharge) or from the electrolysis of water in the electrolyte during charging.
Brownout is a temporary reduction of voltage supplied by the electric power distributor.
Amblyopia is the dullness or obscurity of sight for no apparent organic reason and is therefore not correctable with glasses or surgery.
Aphakia is the absence of the lens in the eye.
Asthenopia is a condition that occurs following prolonged use of the muscles in your eyes.
Deuteranopic vision refers to the condition with complete color deficiency and affects the ability to see the color green.
The center of the fovea is the foveola.
An insult to the macula can cause loss of central vision and a significant decrease in visual acuity.
A dial on the anomaloscope is adjusted until the viewer (patient) believes that the green-red balance is appropriate.
Localized sclereoderma is more common and less severe than the generalized form of scleroderma, which is also called systemic sclerosis.
Myelomae is a type of blood cancer that develops from plasma cells in the bone marrow.
Schizophrenia is a chronic psychiatric disorder.
A delusion occurs when you believe something despite evidence or facts to the contrary.
Catatonic was diagnosed in people who showed signs of mutism or who developed a stupor-like effect.
A person experiencing avolition may withdraw from social contact and normal activities.
A person with hebephrenic schizophrenia is someone who has schizophrenia with symptoms that include disorganized thinking.
Drowning is a type of suffocation induced by the submersion or immersion of the mouth and nose in a liquid.
A cerebral hemorhage can potentially cause brain damage and death. It is a medical emergency.
The sensation may linger for an unexpected period of time or occur alongside other symptoms.
Arrhythmia is an abnormal heart rhythm.
Aneurysm is when the wall of an artery becomes weakened and begins to bulge.
Permaculture is an old word that has recently become more popular.
Suffragism is the advocacy of extending the right to vote to a larger portion of the population.
We will soon have to rely on digital forensics to detect deepfakes. Deepfakes are not always malicious.
Denialism is an essentially irrational action that withholds the validation of a historical experience or event.
Destigmatizing is the action or process of removing the negative connotation or social stigma associated with something.
Mentionitis refers to a tendency towards repeatedly or habitually mentioning something.
Pronoid is characterised by the goodwill of others or the pervasiveness of serendipity.
I wanted to sit down with this hometown shero and talk about her history.
The point of this board game remains unfathomable to me.
Neologism is a relatively recent or isolated term, word, or phrase that may be in the process of entering common usage.
How about this one from our story on whether you might be unintentionally perpetuating microaggressions at work?
For instance, fans might “cancel” a celebrity in reaction to the star’s cultural appropriation or use of a racial slur.
Long hauler can be used to refer to someone experiencing the after-effects of any serious illness.
Activists, journalists, and other thought leaders have pushed for decarceration, which is defined as “release from imprisonment.”
Most makerspaces cater to hobbyists rather than professional artists.
The word “folx” at first glance is simply a variant spelling of folks.
In this paper, we investigate how to recommend the meanings of newly coined words, such as the newly coined named entities and Internet jargon.
We select a relevant document using Probabilistic Latent Semantic Analysis.
An anechoic chamber is a room designed to completely absorb reflections of either sound or electromagnetic waves.
The bayonet coupling arrangement provides for easy mating and unmating of connectors.
A bellmouth is a tapered expanding or reducing opening at the end of a ventilation duct.
The braid angle is defined as the angle between the braid strands and the axis of the cable.
It is generally measured by passing the slab between two plates of metal that are set for maximum allowable camber.
You put on a little charm and gently urge so that the person or thing is happy about being coaxed.
Check for any break or creepage on wires before use.
Crimping dies for open barrel terminals are usually referred to as “crimper and anvil.”
A submarine is a hermetic environment where no water can enter and no air can escape.
The impedance coil shown here is connected between the battery and the line wires.
The highly elastic, top grade 100% CR Neoprene allows more movement for ultimate wearer comfort.
Vias are used to electrically and thermally join traces, pads, and polygons on different layers of a PCB.
A Zener diode is a special type of diode designed to reliably allow current to flow “backwards” when a certain set reverse voltage, known as the Zener, is reached.
About a kilometre away from the palace was the cemetery.
Disonance-reducing buying behavior may mean purchasing a waffle maker.
During vigorous exercise, the brain generates chemicals called endhorpins.
The pahoeheo has a smooth, but bilowy or hummooky, surface and is marked by lines that show that it cooled as it flowed.
Roentgenum is a chemical element having the symbol Rg.
The term “bureaucracy” may refer to both a body of non-elected governing officials and to an administrative policy-making group.
An amateur is generally considered a person who pursues an avocation independent of their source of income.
Achieving my weight loss goal is sure to exhilarete me.
Her withdrawal from the contest was a tactical manoeuvre.
An idea brought a mischievous smile on his/her face.
The family lost all of its possessions in the fire.
The town attracts people who are wealthy and privileged.
The tyranny of the minority in the short term would lead to democracy for the majority in the long term.
A vacuum is a volume that encloses little or no matter.
A chauffeur is a person employed to drive a private or hired car.
The businessman was billed for deliquent taxes.
A burst of childish laughter greets my blunder, and the pantomime begins all over again.
Suzie was a sophomore the year I graduated.
A true leader is one who acts with Sovereignty and does not rely on others.
He wanted vengeance after his bike was stolen.
Carapace is the hard upper shell of a tortoise, a crustacean, or an arachnid.
Global warming and the melting of vast areas of Siberian permafrost have been in the news recently.
Thus, the satellites would not necessarily encounter the maximum speed of a propagating dipolorization flux.
Prior to this substorm, dipolarization was much thicker than that prior to flow #1 dipolarizaition.
Overgrown deciduous shrubs can be cut back at this time of the year.
It is important that we work in close liaison with other charities in this field.
The brakes are magnetic and can be used as auxiliary handbrakes.
Amphetamine is a central nervous system stimulant that affects chemicals in the brain and nerves that contribute to hyperactivity and impulse control.
Electrocution is death or severe injury caused by electric shock from electric current passing through the body.
A falacy is the use of invalid or otherwise faulty reasoning.
Kleptomaenia involves the urge to steal and repetitive acts of unnecessary theft.
Lacration is a wound that is produced by the tearing of soft body tissue.
There was a terrible massacre of villagers here during the war.
Liquid paraffin is primarily used as a pediatric laxative in medicine.
A halucinogen is a psychoactive agent that often or commonly causes hallucinations.
Paraphernelia most commonly refers to a group of apparatus, equipment, or furnishing used for a particular activity.
The silhouette of the bare tree on the hill was clear against the winter sky.
The ride to the restaurant was a quiet one.
The infected people were put into quarantine.
The change in temperature in cages was due to the heat generated by flourescent lights.
She became successful at a young age.
In the Carribean waters, there are fish of every hue.
An example of separation would be the perforation on paper towels where one towel is torn from another.
Strange things occasionally occur in that house.
A parrot can sometimes make you feel embarrassed.
As far as I know, none of my acquaintances has traveled around the world.
A vicious rumor swirled around the campus.
The army tanks were painted green and brown for camouflage.
This ring was my mother’s most precious possession.
Auxiliary converters and drives are an integral part of the main traction drives.
If a person has an idiosyncracy, he or she has a little quirk or a funny behavior.
Lusterous materials are those materials that have shiny surfaces.
We read in newspapers about this with a feeling of poignancy and sadness.
Their main mode of subsistance was hunting.
A closing solilloquy moved the crowd to tears.
His nonchalence made her angry.
The Metomorphosis of Tadpoles Into Frogs.
He offered a facsmile of the original painting at a much discounted price.
It is important to elicit a suitable response from the children for each assembly.
The garden is contiguous to the field.
I chastised myself for taking an undue risk when other means were available.
He reflected on his own difidence and awkwardness in a large group.
The students have barricaded themselves into their dormitory building.
The magnificience of the coast has inspired more than one famous painting.
In addition to a multiplicity of books, there was much variety of use.
The finished potpouri was set out in special pots with perforated lids to perfume the rooms.
But to close the options in advance is rather quixzotic.
Unanimous consent of all the shareholders was required to approve the merger.
The beachgoers began to svelter in the afternoon sun.
Novel Cis- and Trans-Isomerism of α-Monosubtituted Cyclododecanone Derivatives
The aim of this study was to explore the stereochemistry of substituted cyclododecanones.
A Sterospecific Favorskii Rearrangement: Regioselective Application
Synthesis of Macrocyclic Ketones Through Catalyst-Free Electrophillic Halogan-Mediated Semipinacol Rearrangement
Enatiomers or optical isomers are chiral molecules that are non-superimposable mirror images of each other.
The aim of the study was to understand how the coin was produced by metalographic examination of the polished and etched metal samples.
Theoretical Survey of the First- and Second-Order Hyperpolarizablity
A high second-order hyperpolarizibility indicates a better response to the applied field.
Electrical Conduction in Nanogranullar Cluster-Assembled Metallic Films
Synthesis of Metal-Doped Gold Clusters From Composites of Gold Nanoparticels With Metal Organic Frameworks
Enhanced Optical Power Limiting and Visible Luminesence in Colloidal Dispersion
Observation and Analysis of Incoherant Second-Harmonic Generation
Variability in distribution was assessed by the interquartile ratio.
Investigating the soil spatial heterogeniety could be promising due to the similar properties of soils.
Identifying Priorities for Nutrient Mitigasion Using River Concentration-Flow Relationship
He tried to enter the restaurant but was refused admittance.
They may represent the gigantic forces of nature that appear during earthquakes and other convulsions or the multitudineous motion of the sea waves.
The aim of the study was to determine the effective period of the compound antipyrteic jel.
Rome had been roused to unwanted fury, and the trucullence of the rebels was matched by the cruelty of their masters.
The aim is to reduce the inflammation and pain and to treat any underlying conditions.
Because the painting was amorphous, I had no idea what it represented.
The patient had a missing right lateral incisor and cusphid and a buccally directed implant.
After a few employees quit the company, the workload became cumbruos since replacements had not been hired yet.
The results partially show that as a result of these decisions, the mid-latitude channel model performs better than global models that are rigorous for mid-latitude.
The results show partially that as a result of these decisions, the mid-latitude channel model performs better than the global model.
As a result, a better understanding of the simulation of the mid-latitude quasigeotropic atmosphere is obtained.
A mid-latitude channel model (MCM), zonally global but meridionally bounded, is constructed for the Northern Hemiphere.
This LR simulation showed skills comparable to high-resolution MCM simulation.
While the rigorous treatment of these missing data was one of our primary goals, the use of more complete data would result in better precision.
Adrenalin belongs to a group of medicines used for the treatment of a serious shock developed as a result of a severe allergic reaction or collapse.
They have a good reason to be increduleous.
