The results indicated that the types of manganese-containing inclusions in manganese steel were mainly single MnS, MnS-Al2O3, MnS-TiN and MnS-Al2O3-TiN complex inclusions.
In particular, the removal mechanisms of inclusions under electromagnetic stirring conditions with slag were revealed with the help of force field analysis.
The experiments were carried out in a 10-kg vacuum induction furnace equipped with a vacuum, argon filling, alloying, water cooling and casting systems as shown in Fig. 1a.
Following natural cooling, the steel ingots were cut for both chemical composition analysis and inclusion observation.
It is worth mentioning that Fig. 6 also shows a similar 2D morphology, which is consistent with the above results.
The elemental mapping of a typical MnS-Al2O3 inclusion is shown in Fig. 13a.
The types and morphologies of the inclusions in manganese steel under the action of top slag are illustrated in Fig. 16.
It can be clearly observed that the size of inclusions is significantly reduced, mainly presenting  irregular morphology with clear angularities.
It can be seen that the number of inclusions in manganese steel after slag treatment is significantly reduced, suggesting the superior inclusion adsorption effect of the slag.
Fig. 21 (a-b) shows the comparison of the size and distribution of inclusions in manganese steel with and without stirring.
It is obvious that the number of inclusions after induction stirring is significantly reduced.
On the other hand, the inclusion particles are moved upward against gravity and viscous resistance due to the large buoyancy caused by the low density of inclusions, and are then absorbed by the molten top slag.
Fig. 12 shows the typical 2D morphology of inclusions in Al-1 sample.
As shown in Fig. 12d-h and Fig. 13d, the MnS-TiN-AlN complex inclusion is composed of polyhedral MnS connected with strips like TiN and AlN, where TiN and AlN are intertwined.
The ellipsoidal MnS-MnO-Al2O3-SiO2 composite inclusion with a size of approximately 10 μm (Fig. 16c), in which the MnS is speckled on the outer layer.
Based on the above slag system, the effect of stirring on inclusion removal is discussed.
It can be concluded that among all the manganese-containing inclusions in Al-1 sample, MnS is transformed into type III.
Besides, compared with Mn-5, the number density of total inclusions and manganese-containing inclusions also decreased significantly (Fig. 14b), which is consistent with the above observed results.
To further explore the effect of aluminum addition on inclusions in manganese steel, the thermodynamic behavior of inclusion formation in Al-1 steel was also analyzed, and the results are shown in Fig. 15a.
In addition, the calculation of nucleation mismatch shows that (Fig. 15b and Table 6) the two-dimensional planer disregistry between MnS and AlN is 9.898%, confirming the possibility of heterogeneous nucleation of MnS and AlN.
To reveal the removal behavior of manganese-containing inclusions, the top slag is introduced in this work.
Therefore, the inclusion particles are constantly migrated near the slag and the inner wall of the crucible by the molten steel flow and and eventually are removed through a certain force field.
Accordingly,[37] the skin effect of the electromagnetic force is evaluated by the penetration depth of action, which is mainly concentrated on the thin layer near the refractory, and gradually decreases from the edge to the center.
During induction stirring, the inclusion particles are subjected to vertical downward gravity (FG) and viscous resistance (Ff), vertical upward buoyancy (Fb) and electromagnetic force from the center of molten manganese steel to the refractory edge (F).
The EPMA for element distribution of MnS-MnO-Al2O3-SiO2 complex inclusion also confirmed the formation of various oxides and morphological characteristics of dotted MnS as on the outer surface (Fig. 18d-i).
The effect of manganese content, aluminium content, top slag and stirring on manganese-containing inclusion characteristics was investigated by laboratory thermal experiments and precipitation thermodynamics calculations.
The morphology of manganese-containing inclusions was transformed from spherical and ellipsoidal to polyhedral as the manganese content increased, which is attributed to the large solidus-liquidus phase difference of high manganese steel, promoting the formation of type III MnS.
It is also found that the manganese-containing inclusions show irregular morphology with clear angularities after the addition of aluminium, which was determined by both formation of flaky AlN and type III MnS with polygonal formation caused by increased  activity coefficient of S and the surface tension of molten steel.
Furthermore, the manganese-containing inclusions in manganese steel are considered MnS-MnO type with top salg, in which patchy or multipoint shaped MnS is embedded on the surface of oxide.
The force field analysis in induction stirring demonstrated that the inclusion particles were removed by top slag and refractory adsorption under the action of strong electromagnetic force and buoyancy.
This work provides an improved understanding for the controlling and removing  manganese-containing inclusions in high-quality medium/high manganese steel.
Medium/high manganese steels have attracted intensive attention owing to their impressive mechanical properties, including high strength, excellent plasticity and high energy absorption, which are potential candidates for the next generation of advanced high-strength steels (AHSS) for automobile applications.
In this respect, a lot of research is focused on obtaining excellent properties by optimizing the chemical composition, heat process, and microstructure of medium/high manganese steels,[5-7] while the steelmaking process has seldom been reported.
As is well known, the steelmaking process plays an important role in the production of these steel grades, which directly determines the properties of the final product.
In particular, medium/high manganese steels present new challenges in the ladle treatment process, namely the precise control of manganese composition, which is severely related to performance fluctuations and smelting costs of the product.[8,9]
In fact, the yield of Mn depends on the manganese evaporation loss,[10, 11] steel/slag reaction,[12, 13] and the formation of inclusions owning to strong active of manganese element.[14]  
However, the non-metallic inclusions in these steels have not been extensively noted so far, and good inclusion control enables providing some helpful information for improving steel cleanliness.[15]
On the other hand, since the solidification characteristics of medium/high manganese steels are significantly different from conventional steels,[16] the physicochemical properties of the precipitates during the solidification process have also not been systematically revealed.
Therefore, the characteristics and formation mechanism of inclusions in medium/high manganese steels are worthy of investigation.
There are only a few works that the morphology, composition and size evolution of inclusion in manganese steels have been investigated by several researchers.
Grajcar[17] and Gigacher[18]investigated the inclusions in TRIP/TWIP steels, and the effects of earth elements on the composition and morphology of inclusions were confirmed.
Besides, manganese and aluminium content have a significant influence on the morphology and number of inclusions.
Park et al.[19] found inclusions in the Fe-xMn-yAl steels (x = 10 and 20 pct, y = 1, 3, and 6) consist of Al2O3, AlN or AlON, MnAl2O4, Al2O3(-Al(O)N), Mn(S,Se), oxide-Mn(S,Se), and Al2O3(-Al(O)N)-Mn(S,Se), and the corresponding formation mechanism was clarified.
Alba et al.[20] reported  the effect of aluminium content on the inclusion formation in medium manganese Fe–5Mn–xAl steels; the results show that the number of AlN inclusions  increased significantly with increasing aluminium content from 0.5% to 6%.
In addition, Wang et al.[21] systematically analysed the agglomeration behavior of AlN inclusions in high manganese Fe–23Mn–xAl–0.7C lightweight steel.
Yu et al.[22] explored the effect of magnesium on the evolution of inclusions in medium-manganese steel and suggested that when cluster-like Al2O3 is transformed into dispersed magnesium-containing inclusions, the size and number of inclusions significantly decrease.
It concluded that the above studies focused on the effect of aluminium content on the evolution of AlN inclusions and the modification of oxides, and the formation and evolution behavior of the main manganese-containing inclusions in medium/high manganese steel have not been systematically revealed.
On the other hand, top slag throughout the integrated steelmaking process of this steel grade, which is greatly determined the formation of inclusions.
The effect of aluminium content on inclusions in high-manganese steel with CaO–SiO2–Al2O3–MgO slag was investigated by Yu et al.[23,24], and they found that the main inclusions are transformed from MnO type to MgO type with an increase.
Wang et al.[25] determined 9 of type inclusions in high manganese steels in case of CaO flux, including AlN, MgO, CaS, MgAl2O4, AlN+MgO, MgO+MgS, MgO+MgS+CaS, MgO+CaS and MgAl2O4+MgS.
