Slight spherical equivalent and astigmatic overcorrection were evident after SMILE Xtra.
The crosslinking energy (CXL) was 2.7 J/cm2.
Visual and refractive changes were evaluated for 1 year. 
The uncorrected distance visual acuity at the 1-day visit was lower after SMILE Xtra than after SMILE (p=0.01).
SCI and CI were slightly >1.0 after SMILE Xtra even at the 12-month postoperative follow-up.
Small incision lenticule extraction (SMILE) is safe and effective in correcting myopia and myopic astigmatism.1-4 
However, postoperative keratectasia has been reported after SMILE.5,6 
Post-SMILE corneal ectasia will induce progressive myopia and irregular astigmatism, affecting the visual outcome.
Corneal cross-linking (CXL) has been reported to effectively slow or arrest the progression of postoperative keratectasia.7 
However, it is very important to balance the risks and benefits of simultaneous accelerated CXL in corneal refractive surgery.
Traditional CXL (energy dose: 5.4J/cm2) can result in a continued corneal flattening eﬀect, corneal haze, change in pachymetry and changed the pattern of crosslinked stromal collagen fibers.12,13,14,15  
All of these changes may affect the refractive outcome.
In addition, to date there has been no standardized protocol for prophylactic CXL or patient selection criteria.
In the current study, we performed simultaneous accelerated CXL (30 mW/cm2 for 90 seconds) in patients with a low to moderate ectasia risk score based on the Randleman ERSS.
In addition, we analyzed the postoperative spherical and astigmatic changes over a 1-year follow-up.
This retrospective study included 36 right eyes after SMILE Xtra and 40 right eyes after SMILE at Shenyang Aier Eye Hospital from May 2017 to May 2019. 
Both groups had a comparable preoperative manifest sphere and a manifest cylinder (Table 1tbl1).
According to the Randleman ERSS, they were labelled as ‘low to moderate risk of postoperative ectasia’.11 
The study protocol was approved by the Institutional Review Board/Ethics Committee. 
The study followed the principles of the Declaration of Helsinki.
None of the patients had pathological ocular conditions other than myopia and myopic astigmatism with a corrected distance visual acuity (CDVA) of 20/20 or better in both eyes. All patients had stable refraction for at least 1 year prior to presentation.
All patients had stable refraction for at least 1 year prior to presentation.
Exclusion criteria were corneal thickness < 480 µm, mixed astigmatism, established keratoconus determined by corneal topography, ocular inflammation, autoimmune disease, use of medications that could aﬀect wound healing and pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Preoperatively, all patients underwent a detailed ocular examination, including measurement of uncorrected distance visual acuity (UDVA), corrected distance visual acuity (CDVA), pupil size, intraocular pressure, manifest refraction, slit-lamp examination, dilated fundoscopy, and corneal tomography (PentacamHR, Oculus Optikgeräte GmbH, Wetzlar, Germany).
UDVA, CDVA, autorefractometry (ARK-1S, Nidek, Japan), manifest refraction, and noncontact tonometry (NT-510, Nidec, Japan) were measured at each postoperative follow-up.
Using a CXL energy of 2.7 J/cm2, SMILE Xtra and SMILE exhibited comparable astigmatic correction within 1-year follow-up. 
Methods: Patients with comparable manifest spheres and cylinders who underwent SMILE Xtra or SMILE were enrolled. .
Only the right eyes were selected.
The astigmatic correction was analyzed using the Alpins method.
Results: 36 eyes undergoing SMILE Xtra and 40 eyes undergoing SMILE were enrolled.
At 12 months, the mean manifest refraction spherical equivalent (MRSE) and the manifest cylinder were 0.08±0.32 D and −0.29±0.23 D in the SMILE Xtra group, while −0.25±0.29 D and −0.22±0.19 D in the SMILE group (p<0.01; p=0.135).
34 eyes (94%) and 32 eyes (89%) in SMILE Xtra group 36 eyes (91%) and 39 eyes (98%) in the SMILE group exhibited the target MRSE and the manifest cylinder within ±0.50 D, respectively (p=0.771, p=0.294).
Compared to the SMILE group, the spherical correction index (S.CI), the correction index (CI), and the difference vector were higher in the SMILE Xtra group after 1 week of follow-up (all p<0.05).
Previous literature has reported SMILE combined with prophylactic CXL (SMILE Xtra) may be a safe modality to prevent corneal ectasia in patients with a moderate to high risk of postoperative ectasia based on the Randleman Ectasia Risk Score System (ERSS).8-10,11 
 UV-A radiation can also cause transient damage to the corneal epithelium.16
We compared astigmatic correction using vector analysis between patients who received SMILE Xtra and SMILE. 
Patients who underwent SMILE Xtra exhibited either suspicious corneal topography (defined as - 1 diopter (D) inferior steepening but an I-S value < 1.4D) or high myopia with thin cornea (defined as myopia > 6.00 D and predicted residual stromal bed thickness from 250μm to 280μm).
Normal eyes undergoing SMILE were included in the comparison group. 
All patients provided their written and informed consent before participating in the study.
All procedures were centered on the coaxially sighted corneal vertex before suction was applied.
In the present study, the cyclotorsion compensation technique was used to minimize alignment error.17 
The following parameters were used: cap thickness, 120 μm; cap diameter, 7.6 mm; lenticule diameter, 6.5 mm; with a transition zone of 0.1 mm; side cut incision of 2 mm at the 10 o’clock position of the cornea; cut energy, 135 nJ; and a spot distance of 4.5 μm for the lenticule and 2.0 μm for the lenticule border.
For SMILE Xtra, after the refractive lenticule, the photosensitizer VibexXtra (Avedro, Waltham, MA, USA) was injected into the intrastromal pocket until the entire pocket appeared bright yellow.
The vectors evaluated for astigmatic corrections were target-induced astigmatism (TIA), surgically induced astigmatism (SIA), angle of error (AE), difference vector (DV), correction index (CI) and spherical correction index (SCI).
The correction index is calculated as SIA / TIA.
Correction index < 1 denotes undercorrection, and CI > 1 denotes overcorrection.
The spherical correction index is calculated as manifest refraction spherical equivalent (MRSE) achieved / target MRSE.
The mean LogMAR UDVA after SMILE Xtra on postoperative day 1 was 0.11±0.12, while 0.04±0.06 after SMILE (p = 0.01, Mann-Whitney U test).
However, the differences were not statistically significant at week 1 week, and months 1, 3, 6, or 12 postoperatively (Figure 1F).
In the SMILE Xtra group, the mean LogMAR UDVA was −0.081 ± 0.06, and 29 eyes (81%) achieved a UDVA of 20/16 or better.
