Slight spherical equivalent and astigmatic overcorrection were evident after SMILE Xtra .
The cross - linking ( CXL ) energy was 2.7 J / cm 2 .
Visual and refractive changes were evaluated for 1 year .
The uncorrected distance visual acuity at a 1- day visit was lower after SMILE Xtra than after SMILE ( p = 0 .01 ) .
S . CI and CI were slightly > 1 . 0 after SMILE Xtra even at postoperative 12- month follow - up .
Small incision lenticule extraction ( SMILE ) is safe and effective for correcting myopia and myopic astigmatism .1 - 4
However , postoperative keratectasia has been reported after SMILE .5,6
Post - SMILE corneal ectasia will induce progressive myopia and irregular astigmatism , affecting the visual outcome .
Corneal cross - linking ( CXL ) has been reported to effectively slow down or arrest the progression of postoperative keratectasia .7
However , it is very important to balance the risks and benefits of simultaneous accelerated CXL in corneal refractive surgery .
Traditional CXL ( energy dose : 5.4 J / cm 2 ) can result in a continued corneal flattening e ff ect , corneal haze , change in pachymetry and changed the pattern of crosslinked stromal collagen fibers .12,13,14,15
All of these changes may affect the reflective outcome .
Moreover , there is no standardized protocol for prophylactic CXL or patient selection criteria up to now .
In the current study , we performed the simultaneous accelerated CXL ( 30 mW / cm 2 for 90 seconds ) in patients with a low - to - moderate ectasia risk score based on the Randleman ERSS .
In addition , we analyzed the postoperative spherical and astigmatic changes over a 1- year follow - up .
This retrospective study included 36 right eyes after SMILE Xtra and 40 right eyes after SMILE at Shenyang Aier Eye Hospital from May 2017 to May 2019 .
Both groups had comparable preoperative manifest sphere and manifest cylinder ( Table 1 tbl 1 ) .
According to the Randleman ERSS , they were labelled as ‘ low - to - moderate risk of postoperative ectasia ’ .11
The study protocol was approved by the Institutional Review Board / Ethics Committee .
The study followed the tenets of the Declaration of Helsinki .
None of the patients had any pathological ocular conditions other than myopia and myopic astigmatism with a corrected distance visual acuity ( CDVA ) of 20/20 or better in both eyes . All patients had a stable refraction for at least 1 year before presentation .
All patients had a stable refraction for at least 1 year before presentation .
The exclusion criteria were corneal thickness  480  m , mixed astigmatism , established keratoconus as determined by corneal topography , ocular inflammation , autoimmune disease , use of medications that could aid in wound healing , and pregnancy or breastfeeding .
Preoperatively , all patients underwent detailed ocular examination , including the measurement of uncorrected distance visual acuity ( UDVA ) , corrected distance visual acuity ( CDVA ) , pupil size , intraocular pressure , manifest refraction , slit - lamp examination , dilated fundoscopy , and corneal tomography ( PentacamHR
UDVA , CDVA , autorefractometry ( ARK -1 S , Nidek , Japan ) , manifest refraction , and non - contact tonometry ( NT -510 , Nidec , Japan ) were measured at each postoperative follow - up .
Using CXL energy of 2.7 J / cm 2 , SMILE Xtra and SMILE exhibited comparable astigmatic correction within 1- year follow - up .
Methods : Patients with comparable manifest sphere and cylinder undergoing SMILE Xtra or SMILE were enrolled . .
Only right eyes were selected .
Astigmatic correction was analyzed using the Alpins method .
Results : 36 eyes undergoing SMILE Xtra and 40 eyes undergoing SMILE were enrolled .
At 12 months , the mean manifest refraction spherical equivalent ( MRSE ) and manifest cylinder were 0 .080.32 D and  0 .290 .23 D in the SMILE Xtra group , while  0 .250 .29 D and  0 .220 .19 D in the SMILE group ( 
34 eyes ( 94 % ) and 32 eyes ( 89 % ) in SMILE Xtra group 36 eyes ( 91 % ) and 39 eyes ( 98 % ) in SMILE group exhibited target MRSE and manifest cylinder within 0.50 D , respectively ( p = 0 .771 , p = 0 .294 ) .
Compared with SMILE group , spherical correction index ( S . CI ) , correction index ( CI ) and difference vector were higher in SMILE Xtra group since 1- week follow - up ( all p 0.05 ) .
Previous literatures have reported SMILE combined with prophylactic CXL ( SMILE Xtra ) may be a safe modality to prevent corneal ectasia in patients with a moderate - to - high risk of postoperative ectasia based on the Randleman Ectasia Risk Score System ( ERSS ) .8 - 10,11
The UV - A radiation can also cause transient damage to the corneal epithelium .16
We compared astigmatic correction using vector analysis between patients who received SMILE Xtra and SMILE .
The patients undergoing SMILE Xtra exhibited either suspicious corneal topography ( defined as  1 diopter ( D ) inferior steepening but an I - S value 1.4 D ) or high myopia with thin cornea ( defined as myopia > 6.00 D and predicted residual stromal bed thickness from 250  m to 280  m ) .
Normal eyes undergoing SMILE were included in the comparative group .
All patients provided written and informed consent before participating in the study .
All procedures were centered on coaxially sighted corneal vertex before the suction was applied .
In the present study , the cyclotorsion compensation technique was used to minimize alignment error .17
The following parameters were used : cap thickness , 120  m ; cap diameter , 7.6 mm ; lenticule diameter , 6.5 mm ; with a transition zone of 0 .1 mm ; side - cut incision of 2 mm at the 10 o’clock position of the cornea ; cut energy , 135 nJ ; and a spot distance of 4.5 
For SMILE Xtra , after removal of the refractive lenticule , the photosensitizer , VibexXtra ( Avedro , Waltham , MA , USA ) , was injected into the intrastromal pocket until the entire pocket appeared bright yellow .
The vectors evaluated for astigmatic corrections were target - induced astigmatism ( TIA ) , surgically - induced astigmatism ( SIA ) , angle of error ( AE ) , difference vector ( DV ) , correction index ( CI ) , and spherical correction index ( S . CI ) .
Correction index is calculated as , SIA / TIA .
Correction index  1 denotes undercorrection , and CI > 1 denotes overcorrection .
The spherical correction index is calculated as , achieved manifest refraction spherical equivalent ( MRSE ) / target MRSE .
The mean LogMAR UDVA after SMILE Xtra on postoperative day 1 was 0 .110 .12 , while 0 .040 .06 after SMILE ( p = 0 .01 , Mann – Whitney U - test ) .
However , the differences were of no statistical significance at week 1 week , and months 1,3,6 , or 12 postoperatively ( Figure 1 F ) .
In the SMILE Xtra group , the mean LogMAR UDVA was 0.0810.06 , and 29 eyes ( 81 % ) achieved a UDVA of 20/16 or better .
